The family were gathered in their house which was decorated for Christmas. The mother danced around the room while the father recounted stories of when they met which the son listened to buy had heard many times before. While dancing the mother spilt some red wine on the carpet and Frank junior (the son) was sent to get a towel to clean up the spill.
the second person's father continous to tell the story of how he met his wife. The wife as she spins arround dancing speels the wine and asks the second person to bring a towel from the kitchen
Frank Sr, his wife and son are in a living room. There is a Christmas tree in the corner.  The wife is spinning around dancing while the dad is telling a story of how he met her.  The son finishes the story saying that the dad told his buddies that he would not leave France without her.  The mom then spills wine on the carpet and asks the son to go and get a towel.
Frank's Father continues to tell the story of how he met his Mother in France and she dances whilst he does. Frank Junior interjects how he remembers and has heard the story many times. Frank's Mum spills wine on the carpet and drops to the floor to inspect it whilst Frank Junior runs off to get a cloth, Frank Senior says it is not a big deal. 
Frank started telling the story about the woman in France which was his wife. Their son knew the story so he said the story at the same time. The point was he promised that he would not leave France without that woman. After that the wife spilled some wine on the carpet and they both said not to worry about it. The wife sent the son to get something to clean it up with.
Abignail keeps telling his story, about how his wife made all the men hold their breaths while she danced, which Dicaprio found funny. Dicaprio then finished his dad's story (that he had said earlier he had heard before a million times) by playfully quoting him,  I won't leave France without her, to which Abignail snorts and says and I didn't. Meanwhile, while his wife was dancing, she spilled some wine on the carpet and asked her son for a rug to clean the stain.
Franks father continues his story about how he met his wife. He describes how she was the first woman they had seen after the war and she was happy and dancing, and that he could not take his eyes off of her. He starts his sentence about not leaving, and Frank finishes it without her. They look at each other to acknowledged that the story had been repeated many times before. Franks mother dances and twirls, and spills her wine doing so. She asks Frank to run and get her a towel to clean it up.
Frank Sr is reminiscing about how he met Frank Jr's mother (his wife) and said that he said to his friends I am not leaving France without her.. As he is retelling the story, his wife is dancing in a circle and spills some red wine on the white carpet. At this time, Frank Jr is told to get some cloths to clean it up.
Frank Sr , his wife and Jr are all at home, there is music playing and Franks Sr's wife is wearing a green top and dancing with a glass of red wine. Frank Sr starts reminiscing and starts telling the story of how he firs met his wife. Frank Jr has heard this story so many times that he keep finishing his dads sentences. Suddenly franks mother drops wine on the ivory carpet. 
Frank jr is with his parents in the nice room with white carpet.They are talking to each other and laughing and suddenly mum spilled wino into carpet and she started to spanking, so Frank jr went out to take a towel.
Frank Senior continues the story saying that when Frank Junior's mother danced all beautiful and blonde (Blonde Bombshell interrupts Junior smiling) all the men were holding their breath and Frank Junior says before his father can I will not leave France without her which is what Senior said to the other guys in the story. Junior's mother dances a bit and then trips and spills her wine, sending Junior out to help clean up
Frank Senior continues he war story of how he met Paula. Just after he finishes, Paula spills wine of the carpet and tell Frank Jr to get a towel.
The dad is telling the story about how we met his son's mom, and the son keeps filling in his words, indicating he has heard this story countless times already.  The dad says everyone thought she was a bombshell and he told himself he wasn't leaving France without her.  And that he didn't.  The mom meanwhile is dancing and accidentally spills wine on the carpet.  She apologizes, and the son goes to help clean it up.
The are in Franks family home at Christmas. The dad is telling a story about how the mum came to dance for them in France, while the mum is dancing around the living room. Frank is filling in the detail of the story before the are said. The mum spills wine on the carpet. She asks frank to get her a towel.
Frank Jr and his parents are back at home after Frank's father won his award. He hangs the plaque upon the wall while Frank Jr and his mother dance near the Christmas tree. Frank's father suggests they dance like they did in France when they first met. He tells the story of how his wife was a blond bombshell and he told his friends he wouldn't leave France without her. And he didn't. Frank Jr. knows the story by heart. The mother has become tipsy while dancing, and spills a bit of wine on the carpet.
Now i know that the lawyer was Frank's dad. They and Frank's mum were together in a living room with a chrismas tree. Frank's mom was dancing and musing from vinyl was playing in background. Frank told his dad that he wouldn't have left France if not him. After a while Frank's mom spilled wine on the carpet.
Frank senior, Frank junior and Paula are in the living room. Frank senior is taking care of the music, Paula is dancing with a glass of wine in her hand, Frank junior laughs while leaning on a sofa. Paula spills some wine on the white carpet and she asks Frank junior to go get a towel, and he follows her order. Frank senior tells Paula to keep calm, it's okay, nothing bad happened, it's just a stain.
Frank stops dancing with his mother and is sat down on the edge of the couch while the dad is doing something by the fireplace mantel. Frank's mother keeps dancing on her own, while Frank Sr and Frank Jr are retelling the story of how Frank Sr said when he met his wife he wouldn't leave France without her. Frank Jr's mother spills her wine and Frank Jr get up and says its not a problem, and he is sent to get a towel
Franks father talks about Franks mother in France during the war. She danced and Franks father called her a Blonde Bombshell. Frank knows the story and Franks father said he would not leave France without her which he did. The mother was dancing and spilt some red wine on the carpet and asked Frank to get a towel
Frank senior, his partner and Frank junior are in their living room having a small celebration.  Dancing, music and having some wine from which the lady spills onto the white rug on the floor.  She calls on Frank junior to get some supplies to help clean the mess up.  Frank senior was speaking about France prior.
It appears to be Christmas time. Frank Sr. wife is dancing in the living room with a glass of red wine. Frank Sr tells the story of how he saw her dancing in France during the war and was so struck by her that he told his buddies that he would not leave France without her. She then spills red wine on the living room carpet and tells Frank Jr to go get a towel.
the family are dancing and talking in the living room. Franks mum spills alcohol on the floor
You see this con guy in his younger years relating with his parents. The family is home now after that award ceremony and the father is telling stories from long ago. I think he might be a big story teller.
After the ceremony, the family went home for a nice time togethernThey were chatting and dancing then Frank's mom spilled some wine 
Frank Sr continues to tell the story of how he met Frank Jr's mom, and Frank Jr finishes his sentences, as it seems he's heard it several times before and is happy to hear it again.  His mom dances a little more energetically, and accidentally spills some of the red wine onto the white carpet.  She swears and kneels down and sends her son to get some cleaning supplies.
Frank Jr called his mom a bombshell. We find out that Frank Sr met his wife in France and wasn't going to leave without her. The wife mother spilled some of her wine on the carpet and knelt down, disappointed that she spilled it. She sent Frank Jr to get a towel to clean it up.
As Frank Senior tells his story, Frank Junior adds after comments and then preempts the punchline. It's obvious that Frank Senior has told the story of how he and Frank's mother met many times before. As the story ends Frank's mother spills wine on the floor, and Frank Junior is sent to get something to clean it up.
Music is playing. Frank senior says his wife was a bombshell and men held their breath when she walked in. He says that he turned to his buddies and said he wouldn't leave France without her. Suddenly Frank's wife drops some wine from her glass on the carpet and asks Frank junior to get a towel
they are talking about the past, the mom spills her drink
After their evening out they come home and play some music, the mum and Frank junior are dancing. Frank senior puts up his certificate. Frank senior reminicises when he first saw his wife and she is now dancing in the room alone. Frank senior says when he first saw her, he said to his friends he wouldn't leave without her. Frank junior has heard this before, he is happy. The mother continues to dance, but spills red wine on the white rug. She panics and is very upset and sends Frank junior to get a towels.
The father continues to tell his story, seemingly about france, while the mother dances and the son listens. The son is often finishing his fathers sentences, assumably he had heard the story many times before. The mother spills wine as she dances and says frankie get a towel and the young man runs off to get one. 
