The chairman at the meeting calls Frank to the platform to make a speech saying that they all owe a lot to Frank for his heroism. The surprise part is that it is not the Frank that we had seen earlier trying to escape prison. 
The rotary club host says he wishes to present his good friend, a man who keeps our pencils sharp and our pens in ink, Frank William Abagnale. It is apparent that it is Frank Abagnale Senior, Frank's father. Everyone starts clapping, with most standing up. Frank Senior stands up, kisses his wife, and pats his son on his back as he approaches the stage. Text on the screen reads that it is six years earlier and New Rochelle, New York 1963.       
We are now 6 years earlier at a function in La Rochelle New York and Frank Abignale (presumably the real one not the imposter) is being presented with an award.2
It flashbacked 6 years to New York where Frank's dad is winning a rotary club awarde
This scene takes place in New York, six years earlier. There is an awards presentation and Frank steps up to recieve it.
We are shown a scene titled 'Six Years Earlier' of a presentation ceremony in New York, where and older man called Frank William Abignale is being given an award. The young fake Frank Abignale is seen sat at a table at this presentation.
The scene has cut to a conference being held some 6 years before the event we just saw, we are now in 1963. Frank is being awarded an award of some description. He takes to the stage to collect the award. 
At the rotary club, the speaker introduces Frank for an award. It is a flashback from 6 years ago. He is met with a standing ovation. Frank prepares to make a speech to the crowd.
A 6 year flashback happens where Frank william Abaganal sr is being presented with an award and frank jr is seen sitting at his father's table
The host had an introductory speech six years earlier. This went to the third Fran that was introduced. He was called to the stage and people were clapping for him as he stood up.
The man at the podium introduced who was getting the award which ended up being an old man named Frank William Abignail rather than the young man played by Leonard DiCaprio.  Then the man got up and went to accept to award.
They introduce Frank's father as he goes up on stage to receive an award. Frank is doing something with a bottle at the table while sitting with his mother.
6 years earlier at an event in New York, a man is presenting an award and calls up Frank to receive it. A man walks up to the stage past a young man who looks like the Frank we saw in the earlier scene, pats him on the shoulders, receives the award, and starts talking into the mic with a speech. 
6 years prior, Frank is shown acccepting an award at a fancy award ceremony, where he is applauded
we were at a ceremony where frank avaignail sr was being honored for an award that not many people have ever received, he walked up on stage
Frank is trying to crawl away but before he can do so, Hanratty stops him by pointing a gun to his head.    Frank then falls to the ground and says to Hanratty Let's Go Home.nnThe movie then cuts to a flashback scene that is taking place in a bar and in it a man is giving a speech and also in it, Frank is peeling a label off of a wine bottle and a woman holding a cigarette is sitting next to Frank Abagnale.nnThe man that is giving the speech then announces Frank's name and he walks up to a podium, while people are clapping for him.nnThere are then 2 title cards that appear onscreen, one says 6 years earlier and one says New Rochelle, New York.nnn
at the awards ceremony the person was detailing who he was going to give the award to and we saw the prisoner sat at a table pulling a label of a bottle whilst an older man next to him was listening to the man stood up who then said the award goes to frank henry abignail and the older man stands up and heads to the podium to get his award.
The real Frank is receiving an award while the fake Frank is sitting in the audience.
In NewYork,Frank willianms was presented an award in the presence of many 6 years after the event in prison.
It's 6 years earlier, in 1963, and the real Frank is called up on stage after seemingly winning an award. People in the crowd are cheering for him. 
In New York 6 years earlier Frank dad Frank Senior gives a speech
There's people seem to be a award has been given out to someone.
The speaker, maybe the president calls up an another Frank, and gives him a plaque
Its a flash back to 6 years earlier we see the main character frank at an award show watching his father who has the same name receive the lifetime rotary club recognition. Frank is in the audience with his mother who is looking proud. 
Six year earlier another man by name of F.W.A gets an award from a military looking organisaion 
The rotary club speaker introduces Frank William Abignale, but Leonardo Di Caprio does not get up. The man on his table does, it is Christopher Walken. He stands up to go and receive his award and we see people giving him a standing ovation as he walks through the crowded hall. He reaches the podium and takes the award. A caption says, 6 years earlier, New York.
scene was 6 years earlier set in new york, bloke called Frank being presented with an award
Frank is at an event held 6 years earlier in NY 1963 They are giving Frank an award.
We have now gone back to 6 years earlier and Frank William Abingale is getting an award at a Gala event. This is not the same Frank we know but our Frank from the last scene is also there in the audience.
It is an awards ceremony in New York where lots of people are sitting around round tables in evening dress. The presenter introduces Frank and the audience get to their feet and applaud
