Frank senior hangs his award up on his wall whilst his wife and frank junior are shown dancing in the living room next to the Christmas tree. Frank reminisces on a story about him meeting his wife for the first time. 
Family scene, nothing much to catch
Frank puts his plaque on the wall.  Christmas music is playing.  His son is dancing with his wife.  Frank tells the story of how the Europeans were so grateful to see them and his squad hadn't seen a woman in months when then he saw this blonde angel (his future wife).
The father finishes hanging the frame, and talks about when they met with his wife. He tells the story while the son dances with his mother on some music. The father says they met in a small village, and the son intervenes to say he knows the story, but the father continues to tell. That his wife was dancing and that he hadn't seen a woman for a long time. She seemed like an angel.
Frank Snr is describing how he first met Frank's mother. It was in France. It was during the Second World War. Frank Snr said it had  been months since any of his colleagues and him had seen a woman. Frank's mother was a beautiful blonde then.
Frank and his family are at home now, and they seem to have a good family dynamic. They're celebrating the award, enjoying each others time and reminiscing about old memories.
Frank sr is at home around christmas time with his wife and son frank jr. The wife and frank jr dance, whilst frank sr recalls how he met frank's mother.
Abignail is his father, he is now at home talking, it's Christmas and his son is dancing with his mother on their living room
Frank William is dancing with his mother while his father is placing his award on the wall telling them the story they already know
Franks father hangs his award on a wall, while frank and his mother dance. I think the time is christmas. Franks father tells a story about how they were in france and the people held a social event for them as they hadn't seen americans before. Franks father describes how franks mother enters the room and starts dancing. 
Frank Snr hangs an award on the wall as his wife tells his son what a better dancer than he is than his dad. Frank Jnr is dancing with his mother. Frank Snr starts to recall a tale about visiting a small village in France and how the locals where impressed by his Wife beauty and dancing as Frank Jnr complains he has heard this story before
We see frank' dad put up an award on the wall that frank had gotten. He starts telling a story about a French village that had seen Americans for the 1st time. Frank and his mother are dancing while he is telling this story, frank exclaims that they have heard this story before. There is music playing in the background while frank and his mom dance. The dad continues telling the story while frank and his mom dance.  The room is filled with Christmas decorations. 
Its christmas time and Frank is dancing with his mother. His father is telling a story about how he met his wife. That it had been months since they had seen a woman
it is christmas, there is a tree and stockings on the fireplace, the dad puts franks certificate up and starts to tell the story of how he met his wife whilst frank and his mum dance together, frank tells his dad that he has heard the story but his dad continues.
the guy from the prison is much younger now,hes with his mum and dad at christmass his dads telling some old stories.
The mayor was describing to his son about the night he met his mother. They met while she was dancing at an event they had put on for the soldiers.
Frank Sr hangs Frank Jr's lifetime rotary club membership certificate on the wall while Frank Jr dances with his mother, as Frank Sr walks around the room and begins telling an anecdote.
It is Christmas time. Frank Sr is hanging a framed certificate on the wall whilst Frank Jr dances with Paula. Frank Sr then recalls a story about his wife.
Frank Sr hangs his award on the wall and starts talking about his wife.
Frank nails the picture frame holding his Rotary Award on the wall in his living room. It is Christmas with a decorated tree in the corner of the room. His son and wife are dancing. Frank is telling a story of how he met his wife. 
Frank Sr finishes hanging up lifetime membership award whilst he starts telling the story of how he met Frank Jr's mother. It panned around to show it was Christmas and Frank Jr and his mother were dancing together. Frank Sr continues to tell the story whilst Jr then proceeds to jokingly tell him he had this one a thousand times already. Frank Sr is continuing on anyway whilst he is about to start the fire. 
The Abagnale family are back at home. Frank's father hangs up his award on the wall. Frank is dancing with his mother, which prompts Frank's father to recall how he met Frank's mother at a French village.
Frank Jr retelling an old tale they've all heard before about his wife first dancing.
The three family members are in the living room with a christmas tree. Frank senior talks about France while Frank junior and his mother dance to music.
Frank puts the frame with his certificate up on the wall and then walks into the living room where there is a Christmas tree. Mum and Frank junior are dancing and Frank begins telling the story of how him and Pamela met and Frank junior says 'I have heard the story dad'. Frank then says that the first person to walk out on stage was Pamela 
The music was playing behind and Frank took a picture frame then he put it on the wall. On the other side of the room, Frank Junior was dancing with his mom, who suggested that he was a good dancer than his dad.
Frank senior is telling a story at their home while his wife and Frank junior are dancing.
Frank hung a picture p on the wall as his wife and son danced together in the room as it was Christmas
He turns round after putting the picture on the wall and his son, Frank Junior, is dancing with his mum, there's a Christmas tree and he starts to tell the story of how he met his mum.
Frank Sr places the certificate on the wall and recites the story of how he met his wife in a French village. They were so thankful to see Americans that they put on a show. Then out comes his now wife and dances. with blonde hair and so beautiful
