The narrator was telling the audience about the fact that Abagnale stole 4 million dollars. He had cheques bounce in 26 international locations. His cheques span across all 50 States, making Abagnale the largest fraudster in the world. The contestants then sat down at their rightful places marked 1, 2 and 3.
Frank's exploits have been described. He is only 19!
The tv presenter keeps on telling the audience the things the main character (which is the second guy of the three standing there) did, all before he was 19. All three of them move to the side of the screen and the presenter moves on to people asking questions.
The 3 men who were on the game show were being introduced by the host. Some facts were made about the character. These included he was the youngest and daring con man and he committed all these cons before he was the age of 19. After the host finished his facts, the 3 men walk over to their seats and wait to be asked questions from the panel.
We were watching a TV game show in which the task of the panel was to ask questions of the 3 males each dressed as an airline pilot and each claiming to be Frank William Abignale who had cashed 4 million dollars (US) of fraudulent cheques by the age of 19. When the clip ended the first panellist was embarking on asking her questions - initially addressed to contestant no. 1
The host of the game show is saying how one of the three men has conned his way though lots of money. The three men then walk over to some seats and sit down. The host then mentiond that one of then will have to speak the truth. A woman contestant then asks the begining of a question.
After the host completed his description of the story the game is based on the contestants proceeded to their seats. After being seated the first player proceed with her first question.
We found out the person they are impersonating is a criminal and con-man.  The three sat down at a booth and are about to be asked questions it seems to poke holes in the story of the impersonators.
The narration continued noting that the con-artist had cashed in over $4 million in all 50 states and 24 other countries. The three men then sit on a panel where they begin to be questioned. 
The three men in airline pilot uniforms went and sat down at the Tell the Truth seats and the speaker said that one of them was Frank William Abingnale who at only 19 defrauded over 4 million pounds.  He then asked the panel to ask questions as now he would have to Tell the truth for the first time. A woman began to ask them questions.
The game show introduces three men who all claim to be the same man, Frank Abignail, who is a famous imposter.  He successfully impersonated an airline pilot and flew millions of miles for free, was a pediatrician at a well known hospital and cashed checks in all 50 states and 26 countries.   The three men sit down and begin to be questioned by the panel of judges who have to figure out who the right contestant is.
It's revealed that one of the three people that were introduced by the same name is the youngest con man there is who flew millions of miles for free for an airline and has stolen millions of dollars. The person who is the con man now has to speak the truth and all three are sitting down to be questioned. 
The host finished the introduction describing what the real Abernathy did, like pretend to be a doctor and a lawyer. He said the real Abernathy was one of the biggest fraudsters in US history all by the age of 19 and made a fortune. Then the impostors took their seats and a woman started asking the first question.
the 3 guys went and sat down. #1 was about to be asked a question
The three people who are presented at Frank Abagnale wait as the introduction finishes. They then take their seats. The first contestant starts to ask a question.
In this clip from Catch Me If You Can, the contestants on the game show Tell the Truth sit down and are going to have to respond to questions asked by an older woman. They have to Tell the Truth, and she has to figure out which of the three men is the real Frank WIlliam Abagnale. 
The 3 protagonists, dressed as airline pilots,  take a seat as the host continues to describe the real individuals actions. The host describes how the real Frank William Abignail cashed $4 million in fraudulent cheques , spanning 26 countries and all 50 states. This he achieved before his 19th birthday. We then go to the first contestant, whose name is Kitty, to ask the first question.
3 contestaints with the same name described lies they have done in their life and now are going to be asked questions where they have to tell the truth
a game show about guessing a conman between three suspects, the contestants have to decide who is the real con man by asking questions to the three suspects
They went on to describe that Frank had cashed 400 million dollars worth of fraudulent checks over 26 countries and 50 states. He did this all before his 19th birthday. 
The announcer finished explaining what William Ambignail has done throughout his life. The three men then turn to the right side of the screen and sit down at a table with three chairs. The announcer then says they will begin and that they must tell the truth. The camera then pans to the lady who begins asking the questions.
The host continues to describe Frank's misdeeds, stating that he had committed fraud in multiple countries by cashing cheques worth $4 million dollars using stolen identities. The host then directs the three men who could be the imposter to sit down and start receiving questions that will make them tell truths. A woman starts to question them.
The presenter told that Abignail stole over 4 million dollar in all 50 states and 40 countries. Then all were seated at the desks and the presenter asked a woman to ask contestants a question
On the game show, there are three contestents who are claiming to be the same con man. They walk over to the questioning podium and are preparing to answer a set of questions.
All 3 contestants sit down, after the announcer finishes telling their history, about fraudulant activity etc before he was 19 in multiple countries. They have just sat down and the panel is about to start asking them questions
The commentator continued to tell the story of Frank. He had cashed over $4 million worth of fraudulent cheques as well as several other misdemeanours and all by the age of 19. The three possible imposters took to their seats. The first contestant then began their questioning.
The three men stand their while the host talks about all the stuff Frank Abignale got away with before his nineteenth birthday, including fraudulently collecting four millions dollars and impersonating an airline pilot for years. The three men stoically make their way to the seats. The hosts then turns to his co-host and she begins to pose a question.
Frank William Abigail was considered the biggest conman in US history.  By the time he was 19 he had cash 4 million in stolen checks and impersonated a pilot.
The host talks about Frank's professional career highlights. He finishes this introduction of Frank by listing his fraudulent charges and criminal dealings. The three contestants move over to seat themselves. The rest of the show begins.
They were describing what that man did until he completed 19 years old. Now they will start asking questions so they tell the true
