Abignale tries to escape through the prison passing a row a cells. He stumbles and then start to crawl. Hanratty and the prison guards and officials catch him up and one of the French officials put a gun to his head.
The conman prisoner Abernathy has escaped from custody in the prison after being brought to the hospital ward. He runs along a prison corridor where other inmates cheer him on. He is clearly seriously ill and falls to his knees coughing. The guards catch up with him and one places a gun to his head.
The guy coughing in the hospital had an emergency so he was rushed out...then he tried to escape.
He actually was sick but he still wanted to run away. He ran down some of the halls while the other prisoners went nuts. He couldn't run very well since he couldn't breath right. The french guard guy put a gun to his head to stop him from running.
The prisoner tried to escape, the problem was that he could no longer walk and he tried while crawling on the ground.
Frank crawls along the floor coughing as the his fellow inmates cheer and bang cups and plates.  The French authorities and Hanratty walk behind him, eventually catching up.  One of the men puts a pistol to Franks head.
The prison alarms are ringing and the inmates are banging their cups against the cages.  Frank is half running and half falling because he is so sick and coughing.  The prison guards and FBI catch up to him as he is crawling down the corridor trying to get away.  Frank stops when one of the officers put a gun to his head.
~ frank escaped from the institutional hospital he was placed in, he was trying to run from his upcoming trial. the police detective stated he wasn't happy as he has been waiting a long time for this court case to happen, and eventually, they get frank as he's still violently coughing and weak, and had no where else to escape from.
All the prison population are whooping at the sight of Frank trying to escape. He is stumbling down an empty hall whilst coughing. the prison guards and the American detective are following behind him. They eventually catch up with him (because he is moving very slow) and put a gun to his head.
Abignale has tried to escape through an unlocked door which has led him to a corridor in the main prison there is a lot of noise coming form the inmates who seem to be cheering him on. Abignale is moving through the corridor on all fours very slowly all the while still coughing while being pursued by Hanratty and the French prison guards. It does not take them long to catch up with him and when they do one of the French guards point a pistol at his head to make him give up on his attempted escape.
Frank is running away while all the prisoners clap. He falls to the ground and tries crawling away. The law catches up with him and holds him at gunpoint so he stops.
Frank escapes from the infirmary, and the prisoners cheer as he stumbles down the hallway in an attempt to escape.  He eventually collapses and crawls on the floor due to his weakened condition.  The guards eventually catch up to him and hold a gun to his head.
Frank tries to escape but is too ill to get very far. He slows down to a stop in front of the cell block of cheering inmates. A French office puts a gun to his head as he sits back.
The prisoner Frank Abernathy has escaped from the prison hospital after distracting the officers and attempts to make a break for it before being stopped by guards and a gun placed to the back of his head. He is still coughing repeatedly so it appears he wasn't lying completley.
Abagnale attempts to escape through the prison but is too weak to run. He falls and ends up crawling while prison guards rapidly catch up to him. He's finally stopped when one of the guards points a gun to Abagnale's head.
Frank is trying to run down the hallway in the prison but is still coughing and spluttering and looks to be struggling. THe other prisoners are jeering behind bars. The officials (including the FBI agent) appear behind him and calmly catch up to him. Frank looks exhausted and suddenly a prison guard puts a gun to his head. 
The prisoner is on his hands and knees crawling along a corridor. The prisoners in their cells are cheering and clattering metal objects against their prison rails. Several prison guards are behind the crawling man and are walking towards him. One guard gets near him and points his gun at his head, leading the prison owner to stop crawling.
Lenardo (Frank) attempts an escape after being taken for medical treatment. He is crawling away through the prison and the other prisoners are starting to get excited (possible riot). The prison staff catch up to him and put a gun to his head
A large group of prisoners cheer as Frank attempts to escape, however he is still coughing violently and cannot run. The guards catch up to him, one points a gun at his head, and he is caught.
Frank is stumbling down the hallway of a more open (I guess?) part of the jail, as other inmates yell and bang on the bars on the level above and below. He has escaped from the sickbay. Frank is, ultimately, actually unwell, and is still coughing his nasty lil cough as he collapses to the ground and starts to crawl. In the background, we see the officers approaching (alongside the FBI agent). Only when a French officer presses a gun to the back of Frank's head does he stop crawling. 
While pretending to be passed out Frank attempts to escape, although he does not get very far, he is cheered on by the prisoners who watch him flee but he is too ill and the officers catch him.
Frank tries to make his escape. He first jogs past a load of cheering jeering cells full of people. Frank continues to cough, eventually dropping to his knees and crawling. He's soon caugt by a guard who puts a gun to his head.
The con man escapes from the infirmary. He runs down the corridor with the other prisoners in their cells. Lots of cheering. The con man is coughing and running slowly. Finally the guards catch up with the US man. A guard puts a pistol to Frank, the con man's head and stops.
The film continues to show Frank trying to get away from the prison guards, but he falls to the ground as one of the officers catches up and puts a gun to his head. 
The wholes prison is very loud with the prisoners shouting, cheering and banging cups on bars as the prisoner is led from cell through the prison, he falls, still coughing and one of the guards puts a gun to the back of his head.
The prisoners cheers for the man as he runs past them freely. The man is weak and can barely run. He wears a lot of clothe and stop on the track 
Three levels of prisoners were banging cups on the side of their cells and making a lot of noise as Frank crawled by them on the main level.  Frank was obviously sick, still coughing.  The agent caught up to Frank and held a gun to the top of Frank's head.
frank was trying to escape through the prison, prisoners chant and he is swiftly caught and gun is pointed at his head
The prisoner Abignail has escaped out for the infirmary and is not noticed that he has escaped until they pull the curtain back.  Tom hanks character wants him alive to get back to the USA.  It then goes to prisoners banging on the doors as it shows Abignail running down the hallway and crawling away.  He is noticed and the guards come chasing him as he is on all fours.  The main guard put a pistol to his head and Tom hanks character is not far behind both the guard and prisoner. 
Frank escapes from his hospital bed, Frank stumbles through the prison block with inmates shouting and making noise. Frank stumbles to the ground coughing and begins crawling away. The prison guards slowly walk towards him and grab his hair. They place a gun to his head.
