There were two wildebeest by water. Something was partially visible in the water. One wildebeest thought it was a crocodile and one thought it was a log. The former poked and prodded the 'thing' to see if it would move. Eventually, it hopped onto it. 
Two animated bulls are standing by a river with a log in the middle. Thought bubbles come up for one with a log in it and a thought bubble comes up with a crocodile in it. Then one of the bulls steps on the log in the middle of the river.
Two reindeer are on the side of a lake or river. They both see an object in the water. One believes it is a log and the other thinks it a crocodile. The latter prods the object. It does not appear to be alive, but it still could potentially be a crocodile.
Two cattle specimens were debating whether an object in the water besides them was an alligator or a log. One kept challenging the other's assumption it was in fact an alligator. The one who contended it was an alligator touched it with a stick. Also, it splashed it with water. Finally, it jumped up onto it.
They keep arguing and the cow who thinks it is a crocodile throws a stone at it and prods it. It then jumps on the object, where it is now still standing. 
Bulls kept arguing wheter the floating thing is a piece of wood or an alligator. The first bull tried to show its the latter. He first threw a stone at it and then poked it with a stick. After that, he jumped on top of it
The two buffalo were arguing over whether the floating object is a log or a crocodile in the water. The buffalo on the left throws a stone at the log to see if it responds and is therefore a crocodile and then just after the other one prods it with a stick. In each case there is no response. So the buffalo to the left decides to go and stand on it to prove that it is just a log. 
two buffalo are standing at the side of the lake. One thinks the creature in the water is a crocodile and the other thinks its a log. One prods it with a stick and splashes water on it. 
The cow were arguing if it was either a crocodile or wood. Then one cow jump on the thing. Turns out its seems to be wood
The two bison at the water's edge are still debating what they think is in the water. They communicate in grunts and their thoughts are represented by speech bubbles with images. The bison that believes it's a crocodile throws a stone at it and continues to assert it is a crocodile. The other bison disagrees and asserts it is a log. The first bison then pokes at the log with a stick and continues to assert it is a crocodile before splashing it with water, tapping at it, and then jumping on top of the thing in the water.                       
The ox on screen left says that the thing in the water is a croc but the other ox thinks it is a log.  The first ox throws a stone at it and nothing happens.  Then the ox hits it with a stick and nothing happens.  The ox then jumps on the thing in the water.
Two cartoon Bison are standing at a rivers edge, look at an object in the water.nSpeech bubbles appear over their heads as they are grunting to one another. They appear to be decided what the object is. One Bison thinks it's a log and a log drawing is shown in their speech bubble, the other thinks it's a Crocodile or Alligator so a drawing of an Alligator  Crocodile appears in that speech bubble.nThey continue to grunt-talk to each other, debating the identity of the object in the water.nBison two, who thinks it's a Crocodile   Alligator throws and stone at the object. The object moves, the water ripples.nBison two, then pokes the object with a stick. The object moves and the water ripples. We still don't know what the object is.
The two wildebeests continued to argue whether the thing in the water is a crocodile or a log. The one who thinks it's a crocodile throw a rock at it, then splash water on it, then touch it with a branch. Finally it jumps on it. 
The two buffalos keep on discussing if the thing they see in the water is or isn't a crocodille. The buffalo on the left trows a store and the thing doesn't move, then they poke the thing with a stick and no movements at all. So the buffalo decides to jump on top of the thing that lays it the water.
one of the cow got on the substance seen in water
There are two cows with long horns. They can both see something in the nearby water. One cow thinks what they can see is a log. One cow things what they can see is an alligator. As a viewer its hard to see which is right. At first they poke the mystery think. Then one of the cows jumps on the mystery thing in the water.
2 cows on the side of the river bank looking at something in the water. The one cow believed that the object in the water is a crocodile, the other believes it is a log. They both exchange several times their thoughts on the item. The cow that believes it is a crocodile lifts a stone and throws it at the object. Nothing happens, so they then splash water at it, again nothing happens. They then leap from the side of the water on to the object in the water.
The two animated mooses continue to discuss in animal talk as to whether the thing they see in the pond is a crocodile or a plank of wood, one of the moose, prods at the floating object with a stick and then proceeds to leap onto the back of the unknown item in the pond to further investigate which of the two it might be?
The two ox are standing on the bank of the river, continuing to argue about the object floating in front of them. The argument intensifies. The ox that thinks it is an alligator attempts to agitate it to prove his point. First, he throws a rock, then a stick. The object does not move other mildly wave with the water, so he leaps on top of it!
There are two animals, moose, and see an object in the water. One thinks it's a log and the other thinks it's a crocodile. They begin poking it with a stick and throwing stones at it to see if it is alive. Then one jumps on top of it.
Two gnus are at the edge of a creek having an argument over whether the object resting on top of the water is a crocodile or a log. In an effort to prove their point one of the gnu first prods the object in the water a couple of times then jumps on top of it
two sheeps were close to a river and were contemplating on a wood like structure that was inside the river, one said it was a crocodile and another said it was just a log of wood, the one with the opinion of it being wood then jumped on it.
Two buffaloes are arguing whether or not there is an alligator in the water.  One believes it is an alligator, while the other thinks its just a log.  The first buffalo tries to splash water on it, or poke it with a stick, but the object doesn't react.  He then decides to jump on it, to see what it is.
A pair of oxen were standing by a lake, perhaps they wanted to have some water. They're both in dispute about whether the strange floating object in the lake in front of them is a crocodile or a floating log. The ox that believes the object is a crocodile tests their theory by tapping at the object, hoping that it'll move (proving it to be correct). The other ox, that believes that it is a log, is stubborn and continues arguing. At one point, the ox with the crocodile-belief steps onto the foreign object.
Two animals are debating whether and object in the river is a log or crocodile. One thinks it is a log and one thinks it is a crocodile. One of the animals steps on it
The two bulls were fighting over if the thing in the water was a crocodile or a log, a the first one then jumped into the crocolog to show the second one his point.
The two taks continued to fight over whether the object in the water was a crocodile or a log. The one threw a rock at it with not response. Then he poked it with a stick and it still didn't respond. The yak just jumped on top of it, which kind of doesn't make sense since it was the yak arguing it was a crocodile. I'm pretty sure a crocodile would eat him.
After the two animals on the river bank were deciding whether the object in the river was a log or a crocodile, one of the animals throws a stone at it. Later the same animal pokes it with a stick. Still unsure the animal kicks some water on to it. Still not sure the animal jumps on to the object.nnnnwater stick jump
The second bull has continued to insist that it is a log, but the first bull has insisted on showing him that it is a crocodile. He threw a stone at him and jumped on him.
Two cows are standing by a body of water. Something is protruding out of the water. One cow says to the other that it's a crocodile. The other says it's a log. Cow 1 insists it's a crocodile and throws a rock at it. The protruding element doesn't respond. He then pokes the figure with a stick. He then jumps on it and, still, nothing happens.
A herd of animals (possibly wilderbeast) are grazing by some water. Two of the beasts are standing facing something which is partially submerged in the water immediately in front of them. The beast further away from the viewer who had previously expressed that the object was a crocodile poked it with a stick but there was no response to that. The animal then jumped onto the floating object but again there was no response. The other animal who believed the object to be a log observed throughout.
Two buffalo are standing by the waters edge and there is an object in the water. One seems to think its a crocodile and the other disagrees and thinks its a log. So the first buffalo takes a a rock and throws it at the object which remains still and continues to take a stick and pokes at the object. Lastly the buffalo climbs onto the object which by now does turn out to be a log since its not moving.
One of the buffalo said that the thing in the water is a croc, the other said that its a log. The other buffalo throws a rock at the object, nothing happends. He them pokes a stick at the object in the water. The other buffalo is still thinking its a log. The buffalo who thinks its a croc then jumps on it.
The wildebeest who thought it was a crocodile threw a stone at it.  Nothing happened.  The other wildebeest said it was a log.  The wildebeest who thought it was a crocodile poked it with a stick.  Nothing happened.  The other wildebeest said it was a log.  The wildebeest who thought it was a crocodile jumped on it with his front feet.
Two Animals(bulls) had a disagreement. the other one was saying its just a wood and the other one was saying it a crocodile so to check they throw some stones and used a stick to find out but the object was not moving, so the other bull jump onto this wood. 
two animated bison are arguing about whether something seen in the water is an alligator or wood.The one who believes it's an alligator throws a rock at it and then prods it with a stick.Finally he jumps on the object.
One of the ox claimed it was a crocodile, the other said it was a log. The one claiming it was a crocodile threw a stone to check. After no response the second one again claimed it was a log. So the first one used a stick to poke it, after no response he splash some water. Since nothing happened he jumped on the object and was able to stand on it.
one goat was thinking about the log the other thinkin about a crockodile.  the goat tested the water then moved onto the log.
The two water buffalo continue arguing over whether it is an alligator or a log. One of them throws several rocks and waits for a reaction, but gets none. Eventually he climbs on top of the object.
The buffalo continue wondering if the object is a log or crocodile. The buffalo prod the object and splash water on the object. Eventually, one of the buffalo  takes a risk and decides to jump on the object.
one of the cows throws a rock at what it thinks is a crocodile then it prods it with a stick. Then finally it jumps on top of it.
There were two cows at the river side aguing if the dark log-like thing in the river was a crocordile or a pice of log. One cow picked a stick to push the log-like thing to be sure if it was log or a crocordile.
the cows debated whether the object in the water was a log or a crocodile.  They threw a stone at it, poke it with a stick and splashed it with water but nothing happened.  One of the cows then stepped on to the object.
Two yaks were deciding whether something was an alligator or a log, so they poked and prodded it and one of them decided to jump on it to determine.
Two cows were standing on the shore by a body of water, looking at an object in the water. One cow had a thought bubble in his head indicating he believed the object was an alligator, while the other cow had a thought bubble indicating he thought it was a log. One cow threw a rock, poked a stick, and even jumped on the object to potentially prove his theory to his friend. 
The cow on the left still thought it was an alligator and started poking it with a stick and splashing it to prove to the other cow that it was an alligator.  The cow on the right still thought it was a log.  The cow on the left who thought it was an alligator finally hopped on top of it.  It seems like it wasn't an alligator.
The two beasts continue their argument as to whether the object in the water is a log or a crocodile. The beast that thinks it's a crocodile throws a stone at it. Then prods it with a stick before finally jumping onto it.
The one creature thought the thing in the water was a crocodile, but the other one thought it was just a log. The first animal threw a stone at the lump in the water, then poked it with a stick, before jumping and standing on it
2 animals standing watching some water with an object in it  - one thinks its a log the other thinks its a crocodile -  this one keeps poking it splashing water and the stands on it
The animals kept arguing about whether there was a log or a crocodile. One of the animals that believed it was a crocodile threw a stone at the object and then pocked it with a stick. This clip ends with this animal jumping onto the object.
The two animals decide to test the object by throwing a rock at it and poking it with a stick. One of the animals jumps onto it. 
The two buffalo try to guess what is floating in the water.  One of them thinks it is an alligator and the other thinks its a log.  The throw a rock at it and it doesn't move.  They poke it with a stick and it still doesn't move.  One of the buffalo decide to step on the logic.  Nothing happened to him when he did.
The two bovine animals argue about whether the shape in the water is a crocodile or a log. The one who thinks it's a crocodile first throws a rock, then prods with a stick, then splashes with water to convince the other. Finally he climbs on the object. 
The bison kept trying to tell the other bison that it was an alligator and not a log that the other thought. The one that thought it was an alligator touched the log alligator and poked it with a stick, then splashed it, and still nothing so it hopped on. 
 ~ the animals were debating whether the thing in the water that was mostly submerged, was a log or a crocodile, one of the animals was poking the thing with a stick, realised it was most likely a crocodile, and then jumped onto it.
There are two buffalos on the edge of the bank of a river. There is a rock, stone like structure in the river in front of them. They wonder what it is. One buffalo reckons it is an alligator crocodile, the other thinks it is just a log. They start throwing stones at the structure and prod it with a tree branch. One of the buffalos decides to jump onto the structure. It jumps repeatedly on it.
Two buffalos are standing on the edge of a river bank. There is a structure in the river in front of them. They debate what the structure is. One buffalo reckons it's an alligator and the other thinks it is just a rock. They start throwing rocks at this structure as well as prodding it with a stick. The structure does not react. One buffalo jumps onto the structure and jumps on it up and down repeatedly.
A herd of antelope are at the water's edge. One of them wants to cross the body of water. They see a shape in the water resembling either a rock or a crocodile. They use a stick to prod it and determine it's a rock. They step on to the rock.
2 antelope are the the water's edge. They are debating whether the shape in the water is a crocodile of a log. The one who thinks it's a croc tests to see if it is using a pebble, a stick and water.
The animals tried to awaken the alligator to no avail. One of them then stood on it.
Two wildebeest argue over whether an object in the water is a log or a crocodile. The scene is played up for its comedy and one of the wildebeest decides to step onto the log to prove it is a crocodile.
A herd of buffalo see something in the water and two of the buffalo have speech bubbles above their head, they are not sure if it is a crocodile or a log.  In the next part of the video one buffalo very bravely pokes the object with a stick and then stands on it. Nothing happened to him yet but we don't know if suddenly it will jump out at him
Two buffalo are at the waters edge, they see something floating on top of the water. One buffalo thinks it is the top of a crocodile, the other thinks it is just a tree log. The buffalo that thinks it is a crocodile, starts doing things to test what it is. The buffalo throws a rock at it, pokes it with a stick, throws water at it, then finally pushes it with it's hooves and climbs on top of it. So far nothing happened and we will see what happens next.
The two water buffalos continue arguing over the green object in the water, one thinks it is a log, the other a crocodile. After some back and forth, the buffalo who thinks the object is a crocodile pokes the object with a stick. Nothing happens. Then that same buffalo jumps onto the object in the water.
Two horned cows are standing next to water, and one says the hump sticking out of the water is an alligator. The other cow shakes his head and says it's a log.  The first cow tries poking it with a stick to prove it's an alligator but gets no response.  Again, the first cow says it's an alligator and the second cow says it's a log.  The first cow tries splashing water on the hump to get a reaction.  When he doesn't get one, he then jumps on top of the hump and jumps up and down.
There are the two wilder beasts discussing what the object is in the water. The wilder beast furthest from the screen has prodded it with a stick, splashed water on it and also stood on it to try to prove that it is just a rock and not a crocodile as the other wilder beast believes it to be
There are two bison by the waterside. They are looking at a floating object in the water. One thinks the floating object is a piece of driftwood the other thinks it's a crocodile. The latter is so insistent that it is a crocodile that he starts to poke it with a twig. When that doesn't rouse the 'crocodile' he clambers onto it.
The two cows are debating whether or not the floating object in the water is a log or a aligator. Eventually, the cow prodding the object gets bored and decides to run on top of the thing in the water thus balancing on it. 
there was a debate between the two cows wether the object was a crocodile or a wood. the left cow used stick and water to confirm if the object will move. but the object didn't. so the cow jumped onto the object.
There are two buffalos that are staring at the river and looking at a non moving object lump in the middle of the river. one of them says they think it's a crocodile while the other thinks it's a log. the one who thinks it's a crocodile throws a stone at it to see if it moves. it does not move than the buffalo splashes water to see if it moves, it doesn't move again. The other buffalo says see i told you it's a long. The buffalo that thinks it's a crocodile jumps on the none moving object to see if it will move.  
Two bison are at the edge of a lake and there is an object very close to them in the lake one thinks that its just a log the other thinks it is a crocodile. One tries to disturb the object by splashing it with water and then proceeds to stand on the object.
The OX was wondering whether the log on the lake was a crocodile or not and the other OX was disagreeing saying it was a crocodile. The OX then starting checking to see if it was a crocodile by throwing a rock a twig and them jumping on it
Two claymation bulls are arguing about a lump in the water. One things it's an alligator while the other thinks it's a log. The one pokes it with a stick, throws a rock on it and eventually jumps on top of it
Two wildebeests are having an argument over whether there's a log of wood in the water or a crocodile. After a bit of back and forth, the one who thinks it's a crocodile starts poking it with a stick and eventually steps on it to prove their point. 
One of the water buffalo tries to prove what the thing floating in the water is. It throws a rock, prods it with a stick. It also splashes water on the thing, and finally steps on top of it.
Two bulls are staring at an object in the water. They are both arguing about what it could be. One bull thinks its an alligator the other thinks it's a large stick. They continue arguing until the bull who thinks it an alligator starts poking it with a stick. Then the bull splashes it and then it jumps on the object. They both come to the conclusion it's a stick.
The two animals are still arguing about whether the object floating in the water is an alligator or a log.  One of them throws a rock at it, pokes it with a stick, and finally climbs on top of it.
Two Gnu are standing by the waters edge contemplating an object in the water. Each thinks they know what the object is. One thinks it is a crocodile and the other thinks it is a log. The first pokes it with a stick and tosses a rock to see if it reacts. It seems to be a log by sound of plunk and no movement when splashed.
The water buffalos kept arguing back and forth over whether the thing protruding in the water was a log or a crocodile. The water buffalo who wants to prove it's a crocodile started to splash water on the protrusion and then jabbed it with a stick, but there was no reaction either time. Finally, the water buffalo jumped on top of the protrusion.
the two bison were discussing if the object in the water was a log or a croc. One who thought it was a croc splashed water, threw a stone and pocked at it with a stick before jumping on it.
The animals were confused by what was in the water. One of them threw a rock at the object. The other thought it was a log. Then they pocked it wit a stick as they thought it might be a crocodile. Then one of them jumped on top of the object while it was still in the water
there was 2 cows and they were trying to decide if what they were looking at in the water was a crocodile or a log, 1 of the cows prodded it with a stick but nothing happened so it then jumped on top of it.
Two cows were at the side of a river, looking at a shape in the water. They were trying to think about what it was, and one of the cows decided to throw a stone at it. It did not move so the cow climbed on. The options of what is could be were thought to be either a log or an alligator.
two buffalo are at the waters edge,buffalo 1 thinks its a log in the water,buffalo 2 thinks its a crocadile,buffalo 1 pokes it with a stick and thinks its a log and jumps on it
Two water buffalo type creatures are standing at the edge of some water. There is an object visible in the water. One of them thinks its a crocodile, the other thinks its a log. One of them prods it with a stick. Nothing happens. Then the water buffalo climbs onto the object.
The two animals are discussing whether the object in the water is a log or a crocodile. nnThey test this out in various comical ways and then one of the goats climbs onto the objects body.
the two cows kept arguing if the thing in the water was crocodile or a log. The one that said its a crocodile poked at that thing in the water to prove to the other cow but it did not move. the cow splashed the thing with water and it did not move. The cow then continued to climb on top of that thing . The cow that said that thing is a log just kept observing.
There are 2 animated bulls cows on a piece of land looking out towards a body of water. A speech bubble comes up to indicate that one of bulls thinks the lump in the water is an alligator whilst the other bull thinks its a log. One of the bulls pokes it with a stick and splashes it with water to see if they can work out which it is.
The two bison were trying to determine what was in the water. The bison on the left thought it was a crocodile, but the bison on the right thought it was a floating piece of wood. They tried to throw a rock onto the object in the water but it did not move. Then the bison went back and forth arguing what the object was again. Then the splashed some water on it and poked it with a stick. The bison were still not agreeing on what the object was. The bison on the left then jumped onto the object in the water.
There are two wildebeest at a waterhole. They are debating whether they can see a crocodile or a log in the water. One of them throws a stone at it, then pokes it with a stick, then stands on top of the log crocodile.
The bison's continued arguing about if it was a log or an alligator.  The bison on the right thinks it's a log, the one on the left thinks it's an alligator.  The one on the left threw a stone, then a stick, and is now jumping on the alligator log to see what it really is.
The first Buffalo suspected the thing in the water was a crocodile and it would attack them, while the second buffalo insisted it was a log of word, The first buffalo threw a pebble at it, splashed it with water and then climbed on it.
The cows kept arguing over whether or not it was a log or an alligator. The cow that thinks it is an alligator started throwing things at it and eventually jumped on top of it.
Two water buffalo are by a River arguing over whether something is a Crocodille or a log. Initially one throws a stone at it, then pokes it with a stick before jumping onto it.
The two cows were still at the lake and they continued arguing over whether the thing in the water was a crocodile or a log. The cow that was arguing that it was a crocodile threw a rock at the thing, and it didn't move. It then proceeded to tap the thing and eventually jumped on top of it.
The two wildebeest continue to argue about whether or not the object in the water is an alligator or a log. The first wildebeest tries to convince the other one by tossing a rock at the object, poking it with a stick, and finally stepping on it as a final test.
The two wildebeest continue arguing whether the object in the water is a log or a crocodile. One throws a stone at it, then pokes it with a stick before climbing on top of it.
The buffalo were looking into the water at what they weren't sure was an alligator. One buffalo thought it was, while the other thought it might be a log. They threw a rock at it, splashed water on it, and one of them even walked on top of it to try and figure out what it was.
They argue over if it is a log or a crocodile in the water. The one animal throws stones at it and hits it with a stick ,but nothing happens. It then jumps onto the object.
The left hand wildebeest insisted that the object in the water is a crocodile. It threw a pebble at the object, but go no reaction, so it splashed water on it. It then jumped over onto the object.
There are two oxen (or bulls) trying to cross a body of water. In the middle of the water is something sticking out. They grunt back and forth and thought bubbles appear above their heads. One things the thing sticking out of the water is a helpful log, which they could use as a springboard to the other wise. The other thinks it is a crocodile. To test the theory, they toss a rock and it bounces off without reaction. Convinced it is not a crocodile, one oxen leaps onto it. Then it cuts out. 
Two cows are on the side of a river. They are discussing (via 'moos') what is in the river. One cow suggests it is an alligator because we can see what appears to be the back of the alligator. The other cow suggests it is a log as the part sticking out of the river resembles the bark from a tree. The first says again it is an alligator and proceeds to splash it with water and prod it with a stick. When the shape doesn't react the cow jumps onto it. 
a few cows were by the water and thought a crocidle was a log and were throwing stones and tapping it with their leg before jumping on it
A yak wants to know if the log like object in the water is actually a log or a crocodile  alligator he throws a rock at it but it doesn't move. He then pokes it with a stick but it still doesn't move and he finally splashes it with water but it still didn't move. At this point he decides to risk standing on it
The two cows were trying to decide whether the thing in the water was a crocodile or a log. The one that thinks its a crocodile threw a rock at it and then jumped on top of it and is currently standing on top of the object but we still don't know if its a croc or a log. 
Two bulls are trying to decide wether to cross the water or not, but they are not sure wether it is a log or a crocodile that is near them and try various ways to prove or disprove that it is in fact a crocodile and safe to cross or not.
The two wildebeests had continued arguing over whether it was a log or a crocodile. The one on the left that thinks it is a crocodile then picks up a stone and throws it at the crocodile and it bounces off the crocodile into the water. He then waits for a reaction and even though there wasn't one he continues to say its a crocodile and the friend disagrees still. He looks disgruntled so he then picks up a stick and throws it and that also bounces off into the water. Again nothing happened and they continued to disagree whether it was a log or a crocodile. He then flicks some water on to it to cause a reaction and nothing happens so he then climbs on top of it with his front legs, jostles it, and then climbs on top of it. 
Some wild animals were at a watering hole and they were discussing whether there was a log in the water or if it was in fact a crocodile. One of the wild animals flicked the water on the said object but nothing happened and eventually he stepped on it to see if it was in fact a log in the waer
two animals that are trying to wake up an aligator
the bulls near a lake of water; discussing if the object in the lake is a crocodile or a wooden log. one of the bulls tries to poke the object n the lake in order to satisfy their curiosity.
The two cows were arguing about whether the thing in the water was a crocodile or a log. The cow who thought it was a crocodile poked it with a stick and threw water on it. When it didn't respond he proceeded to step on it. 
There is 2 cows standing in some mud.nnThe first cow has a thought of a alligator and the 2nd cow has a thought of a log.nnThe first cow is poking at what seems to be an alligator that is in some nearby water with a stick.
Two animals with horns are on the lake shore and looking at a log floating still in the water. One of the animas grunts thats its a log and the other animal grunts that its an alligator. One of the animals splashes water on it. The log bobs in the water and does not move. One of the animas then goes into the water and stands on the object. 
There are two cows at the edge of a river. There is something in the water nearby. One of the cows thinks that it is a partially submerged crocodile. The other cow shakes her head and indicates they think it is a partially submerged log. The first cow throws a stone at the object to see if it moves. It does not. Then one of the cows pokes it with a long stick. It still does not move. Then, one of the cows jumps on top of the object.
Two buffallo like creatures are looking at an object in the water in front of them. They are asking each other if it is a crocadile or a log. The first buffalo throws an stone at it and the object doesn't move. Then the first buffalo hits it with a stick and again it doesn't move. they discuss if its a crocodile or log again and then the first buffalo jumps on the object.
The two cows continued debated whether the item in the water was a log or a crocodile. They splashed and threw stones at it to get a reaction. The one who thought it was a crocodile jumped on the items back.
The 2 ox are debating weather what they see in the water is an alligator or a log. The one ox throws a rock at it and it dosent move at all. Then the ox pokes it with a stuck and still it does not move. They still sit and think if it is a log or an alligator.
The two water buffalo are debating on weather what is in the water is an alligator or a log, one of the water buffalo tries poking it with a stick, nothing seems to happen, he then proceeds to splash water onto it. Still nothing happens, the water buffalo then proceeds to push on it with it's two front feet - still nothing. 
The two cows by the river side were debating whether the item in the river was a log of wood or an alligator. The first cow believed it was a log of wood while the second thought it was an alligator. The first cow threw a stone , then a stick on the item beore stepping on it to confirm.
Two buffalo are looking at an object in the water. One thinks the object is a crocodile, the other thinks it's a log. One of the buffalo picks up a stick and hits the object. It doesn't move. 
One cow, throws a rock at the object then pokes it with a stick and eventually stands on it
The moose in the back still believes that the object in the water is a crocodile while the moose in the front thinks that it is a log. To prove his belief, the moose in the back then throws a rock at the object and pokes it with a stick but it still does not move. This moose in the back then jumps on top of the floating object.
Two bulls saw something in the water. One thought it was an alligator. The other thought it was a log. One tried plashing water on it and it didn't move. The same one stepped out onto the object and it still didn't move.
The bison poked the floating object with a stick multiple times, then splashed it with water, but this did not convince the other bison that it was a crocodile. The other bison still insisted it was a log. The bison who thought it was a crocodile decided to investigate further by jumping on the object.
One of the cows has prodded the crocodile with firstly a log, then a twig and then finally splashed water over it.
The two buffalo continue arguing about whether it is a crocodile or log. The buffalo that thinks it's a crocodile tried to prove it by poking it with a stick and then standing on it.
The two wildebeest are arguing over whether the object in the river is a tree trunk or a crocodile. The one who thinks it's a crocodile first throws a stone at the floating object, then splashes it with water. There's no reaction. Finally, the wildebeest jumps onto the object.
The cows  are still arguing if it's a log or crocodile. The one cow starts whacking it with a stick and splashing it with water  then decides to jump on the crocodile 
The two cows were still debating whether the object in the water was a crocodile or a log. The cow that believes it is an alligator tried to aggravate the object. They threw a rock, a stick, and splashed water on the object too. The object did not move at all. Lastly, the same cow was just jumping on to the object. 
The buffalos kept aruging if it was a log or a crocodile. The buffalo firstly threw a rock at it, without any reaction, then bumped it with a stick, still no reaction, after that it splashed some water on it, still no reaction. Then the buffalo jumped on a thing to prove it is a crocodile
The moose like animals are trying to figure out if its a log of wood or a crocodile thats in the water. One of them tests it by throwing a small rock at it. After it doesn't move it jumps onto what appears to actually just be a wooden log.
Two cows were talking about an object in the water. One of the cows said its an alligator, the other said it's a log. The first cow wanted to prove that that's an alligator, it started to splash water on the object. The other cow said again it is a log. The first cow started to throw it with rocks, the other said the same. At the end, the first cow stepped on the object, and.... clip ends
There were two bulls standing next to a river that had a crocodile floating inside it but the crocodile was not moving. One of the bulls decided to poke the crocodile with a stick but the crocodile still did not move. Then the bull jumped on the crocodile.
Two buffalo were looking at a thing in the water. The buffalo on the right was saying that it was a log, and the one on the left was saying that it was an alligator (and insisting upon it grumpily). Right before you woke up, the buffalo insisting it was an alligator was poking at the thing and splashing it with water, before then climbing on top of it. 
The animal thinks its crocodile while the other thinks its a log, the first animal begins to splash water and jumps on it
To decide whether object in the water was an aligator or a log, one of the animals first threw a pebble. This didn't seem to convince the other members of the herd either way, so the object was then jumped on. It rocked in the water, but it's still not clear whether it's an aligator or not.
The first wildebeast (?) that thinks the item in the water through a rock at it, but it didn't react.  They still think it's a crocodile though, while the other second wildebeast continues to believe that it's a log.  The first wildebeast then pokes it with a stick, but it doesn't react.  Then it steps onto it.  
Two antelopes were having an argument whetehr a suspicious looking shape in water was a log or a crocodile. Unable to convince his companion, the antelope claiming it was a crocodile climbs the debris, to resolve this quandary.
There are two animals. They are on an island and want to get over to the other side. There is something in the water.  One animal thinks that it is a crocodile and the other thinks it is a log. The moose who worried that its a crocodile pokes it with a stick and splashes water on it. Nothing happens so he then jumps onto it.
The animals are going back and forth trying to determine if the object in the water is a crocodile or a log. The one who is convinced it is a crocodile decides to jump on the object in the water.
The 2 cows at the side of the water were both thinking the thing in the water was different things - one thought it was a log, and the other a crocodile. The one that thought it was a croc threw a stick at it, and decided to get on top of it
Two bulls are trying to cross the body of water. One bull says to the other that it's a crocodile. The other thinks it is a long. First bull throws a rock on it and splashes it with water. Then jumps on it.
The buffalo still could not agree on what the object in the water was. The one that thought it was a crocodile prodded it, threw a stone at it, and splashed some water at it. The object did not move. The buffalo that thought it was a crocodile then jumped on it. The object still did not move.
One of the two buffalo threw a rock at the crocodile log in the water, he also poked it with a stick and splashed water on it. He then proceeded to jump on top of it
The 2 wilder beast were trying to decide if it was a log or a crocodile in the water.  The one on the left thought it was a crocodile and the other one did not.  The one on the left splashed water, threw a stone on it and then stood on it to see if it was a log or crocodile.  Then you woke up.
Two buffalos are at the lake. They spot something in the water. One buffalo thinks it's just a log, the other thinks it's a crocodile. One of the buffalos throws a rock at the thing to see whether it reacts or not. The thing stays still. The buffalo then tries standing on top of it
The animals both ran into an object in the water, however they disagreed over what exactly it was, an more importantly if it was a threat. One animal thought it was a croc, the other thought it was merely wood. He tested his theory by throwing a stone and jumping on the object.
Two animated animals are at the edge of the water. There is an object in the water, using mumbles and illustrations the animals debate if the object in the water is an aligator or a log. 
The wildebeest on the left kept telling the one on the right that it was a croc, first he threw a rock at it, nothing happened. Then he poked it with a stick, and nothing happened. So next he just jumped onto the floating object.
The cow tested to see if the object in the water was a crocodile or a log by throwing a stone at it and poking it with a stick. Eventually the cow jumped onto the object.
The two buffalo were trying to figure out if the object in the water is a log or croc. nThe one who thinks it's a croc goes on and proceeds to interact with the object to figure out what it is. 
One of the cows throws a rock at the object in the water. Then he pokes it with a stick. The object does not move. His other cow friend thinks it is a log. The persistent cow jumps on top of the object and it still does not move.
Two cows are at the side of some water and spot something in the water. They wonder what it is; could it be a crocodile or a piece of wood? They aren't sure so decide to throw a rock to at it to see if it would move - it doesn't. They are still unsure as to what is floating in the water. 
The cows are trying to figure out what the patch in the water is and whether it is a crocodile or a log. They throw things at it and prod it with a stick and then one of the cows walks onto it. 
The bison are still arguing that the log might be a crocodile. They poke it with a stick, splash it with water while still disagreeing what it is. They splash water over it and then one Bison enters the water....
there were these buffalo type of animals next to a lake and there was something in the water, they were wondering what it was, they were thinking maybe it was crocodile and one of them stepped on it 
the cow on the left wanted to prove that it was a crocodile. he threw stones and poked it with a stick.
the cow on left wanted to show that it was a crocodile. and threw stones and poked with a stick. then he jumps onto it
they continue to try and rouse the floating item. One thinks its a croc, other stick
The two moose disagree about what is in the water.  One moose thinks it is an alligator and the other believes it's a log.  The moose that believes it is an alligator throws a rock at the object, but the object does not move.  The same moose then pokes the object with a stick and the object still doesn't move.
The first buffalo is convinced that the object in the water is a crocodile. First it throws a stone at it. Then it pokes it with a stick, then it splashed it with water. Finally it stands on the object in the water. 
The two large animals think something thats floating in the water is either a crocodile and the other thinks its a log.  They both poke it.  The one who thinks its a crocodile then jumps on it
Continuously arguing if its a crocodile or a log, one wilderbeast throws a stone at it, pokes it with a stick and finally jumps on it to prove its a crocodile to his friend
The two cows kept on arguing that it whether it was a crocodile or a tree branch that was inside the water.  So the one cow that was suggesting it was a crocodile took a stone, and threw it in the water but there was no movement, then it decided to take a stick and hit it but there was no movement. After it tried splashing water, the cow then jumped into the water onto the subject
The cows were discussing the thing in the water and one thinks it's a log the other thinks its an alligator.  then the one on the right jumps on the item in the water. 
The two wildebeast standing on the bank of the river are still arguing whether it is a crocodile or a log, The left wildebeast throws a rock at the object, they continue to argue as the object does not move. The left wildebeast then splashes the object, and stands on the object, which still does not move.
the two animals kept arguing. one of them threw a stone, poked it with a stick and splashed water on the object. finally he climbed the object 
One of the animals threw a rock at the unknown object. also poked it with a stick and splashed water on it. he finally climbed the object
There were two cows at a body of water and there is something in the water. One cow thinks it is an alligator and the other thinks it is just a log. The cow that thinks it is an alligator throws a pebble at it.  The thing in the water does not move, so he throws water on it.  It still does not move so he pokes it with a stick.  Nothing happens and the other cow still convinced it is just a log. So the first cow that thinks its an alligator crosses over on it and nothing happens. 
The buffalo that thinks it's a crocodile keeps poking and prodding it. The other buffalo is insistent that it's just a log. The buffalo that thinks it's a crocodile finally jumps on top of it as if it were a log.
The 2 wilder beasts are still undecided if the object is a crocodile or a log. First the one on the left throws a stone, then pokes it with a stick but there is no movement. Finally they jump on to the object and confirm it is a log.  
The other cow tried to convince his friend(the other cow) that the thing in the water is not a trunk, it is an aligator, so he stabbed it with a stick but nothing happened, after that he stepped on it.
the two cows kept arguing one insisted the object in the river was a crocodile while the other one insisted it was a log of wood, the cow that insisted it was a crocodile then throw a stone at the object, he then splash water on it, poked it with a stick and finally jumped on the object
The two animals are arguing about whether it is an alligator or a log, and the one that things it's an alligator has just jumped on top of it.
Two Bison are ate the waters edge.  They are looking at what looks like a log.  One bison asks if it is a crocodile the says no its a log.  they start throwing stones at it to see what it is.
Two buffalos on the waters edge think the object is either a log or crocodile in the water, One steps on to see if he can stand on it
He throws a stone at the object, pokes it with a stick, splashes it with water then stands on it.
The bulls were still discussing if what they see in the water is a log or a crocodile. The first bull taps the thing with a branch, splashes water at it, but it does not move. The bull jumps on top of it, and it still does not move.
there are two buffaloes on the edge of a river observing an object in the water, one says it is a crocodile and the other says it is a log. The one o says it's a crocodile starts touching it with a stick to prove it's a crocodile and the other continues to think its a log. The one who says it's a crocodile ends up jumping on top of that object to prove that it is a crocodile.
The two bison are still debating if the object is infact a crocodile or a log. One of the bison pokes it with a stick and also throws a rock at the object. The bison still debate what the object is. One of the bison splashes water at the object to gain interaction. Still believing that the object is in fact a log. One of the bison hops onto the object.
The cow on the left thinks its a crocodile and the one on the right thinks its a log. So cow on the left throws a few stones at the floating item and then uses a stick to prod. Just before you woke up, the cow jumped onto the floating croc log
two animals were having an argument with what was in the water. one animal thought it was a log and the other animal thought it was a crocodile in the water 
The yaks can't figure out what is in the lake. One thinks its a log and jumps on it.
One of the yaks thinks it is a crocodile but jumps on it.
two bulls are trying to figure out if it is a log or a crocodile beneath the surface of the water.  They prod it with a stick and splash water on it to try and find out
The two animals were at the river bank trying to work out if the item floating in the water was a log or a crocodile. They tested it out by throwing stones at it and prodding it. One of the animals felt it was a log and the other thought it was a crocodile. In the end one of the animals jumped on to the object. 
The left cow throw a rock at the thing in the water trying to prove that is a crocodile and it is not a log. But it was non moved and the right cow continue to say that is a log. The left caw then took a stick and push that thing but continue not to move. The right cow said it is a log again. The left cow toss water over that thing but still did not move. The right cow continue to think it is a log. The left cow jump on that thing in the final attemt to convince the right cow that it is a crocodile and not a log.
The left cow says it is a crocodile and throughw a rock to prove it. But it won't move. So the right cow continue to say that it is a log. The left cow insists that it is a crocodile and takes a stick and try to move it. The right cow says again that is a log.nThe left cow then throughs water and jumps on it trying to prove that it is a crocodile.
The two buffalo were staring at an object in front them in the water. The two buffalo were debating if it was an alligator or a log. The buffalo that thought it might be an alligator first threw a stone at it, then poked it with a stick, then splashed it with water. Then the buffalo stood on top of it. The whole time the object didn't move.
The two cows are debating on whether it is a crocodile or a log floating in the water.  One cow throws a rock at it but it doesn't move.  Then he pokes it with a stick but it doesn't move.  The cow then steps on and stands on the thing in the water.
The two animals argueing about whether it is a log or alligator. The one that thinks it is an alligator tries throwing a rock at it, then pokes it with a stick and finally jumps on top of it. But the other one still thinks it is a log. 
the wildebeest on the left says its a crocodile, the one on the right insists its a log so the left one throws a stone at it. the one on the right says see, its a log. the one on the left says no its a crocodile so he hits it with a stick, it still doesnt move so the right one says its definitely a log, the one on the left says its a croc and splashes it with water, when it doesn't react he steps on it. 
The two animals continued to argue about whether its a log or a crocodile and one of them threw a rock at it and started poking it and plashed some water on it. Eventually the same animal jumped on the object and we still don't know what it is.
One buffalo believes the object in the water is a crocodile, while the other buffalo does not. The left buffalo throws a rock at the object in the water. The buffalo throws a stick at the object. The buffalo splashes water on the object. Finally, the buffalo jumps on top of the object to prove a point.
the first water buffalo thinks the lump in the water is an alligator, but the second one thinks its a log.  they are communicating in grunts and they show speech bubbles for each buffalo with a drawing of an alligator or a log.  the first one threw a rock, and then poked the lump with a stick.  the second one still think's its a log.  the first one escalates and splashes water on the lump with his front leg.  and then he jumps onto the lump. 
Two water buffalo were at the water's edge. They each saw the item animal in the water differently. One thought it was an alligator. The other thought it was log. So one water buffalo threw a rock at it and it didn't move ... so it thought it was a log. Just to be safe, the same water buffalo poked it with a stick to make sure. And it didn't move. So, the water buffalo stepped on the supposed log.
So 2 crows argue about whether an object floating in a water is a crocodile or a pile of wood. So one of them decides to jump on it to test what it is.
The animals kept arguing over whether what was in the water was a log or a crocodile. One of them decided to throw a rock and water at it, and the object remained still - so he then decided to jump on top of it, and nothing happened. So it was probably just a log.
The first buffalo who thought that the floating island was a crocodile threw a stone at it. There was no movement so it probed the island with a branch but still no movement. It was still unsure but decided to hop onto the little island.
There were two moose by the edge of the river and they saw something floating in the water. They were arguing about whether the object was a crocodile or a log of wood. The moose who believed it was a crocodile had thrown a rock on it, tried to plod it with a stick and tried to splash water on it, before stepping on it to see if it was a log of wood or a crocodile.
There are two wildebeest at the mouth of a lake. They are both thirsty and would like to have a drink but there is some suspicious artifact lying in the water.nOne Wildebeest convinced its just a log and the other thinks crocodile. Again one says just a log and the other says crocodile and  throws a stone on the croc to prove himself but there is no movement. Still wanting to prove its a crocodile then he throws a stick on it, then splashes it with water and the suspicious object does not move but he is still convinced its a crocodile, so he jumps on to the object to prove its a crocodile to his friend who still thinks its a log.
There are 2 bulls that see a bump in the water and one of them thinks it's an alligator and one of them thinks it's a log. The one that thinks it's an alligator tries to get its attention by throwing a rock at it, poking it with a stick and then finally jumping on it.
There were some steers by a pool of water with an object floating in the middle. The steers were debating whether or not the object was a log or an alligator. The one who thought it was just a log tried different ideas to get a reaction from it before deciding it was safe and then hopping on top of it.
There was an animation of two cows stood next to a pond or lake. They appear to be talking to each other in their own language and we can see speech bubbles with images of what they are discussing. There is something floating in the lake and one of the cows seems to think it is a log, whilst the other thinks it could be a crocodile. One of the cows steps on to the object.
There are two cows standing by the shoreline of a lake , in the water is an object that one of the cows thinks is a crocodile and the other is convinced it is a log. The one cow splashes water and pokes the object with a stick then proceeds to jump onto the object
The 2 ox's are debating if its a log or alligator. The one Ox throws a rock and nothing then it picks up a stick and starts poking at it still nothing. The Ox decides to jump onto the log so it thinks. 
While trying to decide whether it's a crocodile or a log, one of the bisons threw a stone at the mysterious thing to unravel the mystery. It didn't budge nor did it reveal itself, so it tried to move it with a stick. Nothing happened, so it splashed water at it, but the thing still did not move.
Two buffaloes went to the river wanting to get into the water or to drink the water. The buffalo on the left started arguing that it is seeing a crocodile in the river, explaining to the other buffalo but the other buffalo on the right said it is seeing a log in the river. Then the buffalo on the left threw a rock to confirm if it was a crocodile, then threw a small branch to confirm, and then the buffalo on the left jumped on top of what they thought was a crocodile.
Two bulls was standing close to the river and they saw a thing in the water. They wondered if it was a piece of wood or crocodile,because it looked like both of this things.They tried to figured out by using different methods like pocking it by stick.After all ,one of the bulls just jumping on this thing and it was wood. 
There are two cows standing at a shore by the water. There is something floating on the surface nearby. One of the cows thinks its a log and the other thinks it's a crocodile. The cow that thinks it's a crocodile pokes the floating thing with the stick to prove the other that they are wrong about it being a log  
Two buffalo are starting at a waters edge steering at an object in the water. One thinks its a crocodile, while the other is sure its a log. The one who thinks its a croc does a few attempts to stir the creature, throwing a stone poking it with a stick and splashing the water in front. Finally he attempts to clamber onto it.
Two cows are debating whether to cross a pond using something green floating in the water as a stepping stone.  One cow think it is a log while the other thinks it is an alligator.  So the first cow throws a rock at it, pokes it with a stuck and then finally splashes it.  It doesn't move, so that first cow jumps on top of it.
Two bulls are looking at something in the water. They are arguing over what it is, one saying a log, the other a crocodile. They are throwing rocks at it and poking it with a stick. One of the bulls eventually jumps onto it.
Two steer are at the riverbank. They are communicating to each other about what they think is in the water. The first steer thinks it is an alligator. The second steer thinks it is a log. They go back and forth. They take turns trying to get the object in the water to move, to see if it is an alligator. They throw a rock at it, then the first steer splashes the unknown object with water. It doesn't move. Then the first steer jumps on the object in the water.
The cow on the left says alligator and then picks up a rock and throws it at the floating thing in the water. The one on the right says log. The one on the left says alligator again and splashes water at the floating thing. The one on the right says log and the one on the left says alligator and then places their two front legs on the floating thing then the rest of the body is on it.
the 2 cows try and figure out what it is in the water, 1st they poke it with sticks and it does not move, then one climbs on it and it still does not move
Two water buffalo are deciding whether a log in a river is an alligator or a wooden log. One of the buffalo decides to stand on the log. 
Two bison discuss whether an object in the river is a log or a crocodile. On bison prods the object with a stick and is confident the object is a log. The bison climbs on the log.
They argue whether it is an alligator crocodile or a log. The one that thinks it is an animal throws a stone, pokes it with a stick, splashes water at it, and stands on it.
2 buffalos at the waterside, in the water is what they think is either a log or an alligator, so the 1 throws a stone at it, then pokes it with a stick, before finally jumping on to it 
2 animals trying to decide whether it is a crocodile or a tree trunk in the water
The two buffaloes continue arguing about what they were seeing in the lake. The buffalo that thinks its a crocodile tries to wake it up, but it doesn't make any movement. The buffalo even hops on it, even then there is no movement observed.
The wildebeest are debating whether the thing in the water is a log or crocodile, and one jumps on at the end.
There were two cows, they were looking at something in the water. One thought it was an alligator, and the other thought it was a tree branch. One of the cows started poking the obejct with a stick, and then jumped onto it.
Two cows are making noises at each other to determine whether the object in the water is an alligator or a log. One of the cows pokes the object with a stick. It does not move. Then one of the cows jumps onto the object to determine what it is.
Two bulls are standing near the river, arguing about something submerged in the water. One thinks it is a crocodile, while the other believes it is just a wood log
The bull that believed the object in the water has thrown a rock at the object, to convince his friend. The object did not move. The bull has poked the object with a stick. The object did not move. The friend told the bull it was a log, and the bull became frustrated. The bull jumped on top of the object in the water.
The two animals are still arguing whether the shape in the water is a crocodile or a log of wood. The animal on the left picks up a stone and throws it at the shape, it bounces without reaction, so the animal on the right says again that it's just a log. Then, the animal on the left grabs a stick and pokes the shape again, with no reaction still. Then that same animal gets on top of the shape, floating on water.
The cows are having a back and forth about whether the object that is in the dam is a crocodile or a log. The bigger cow that is closer to the dam says it's a crocodile. The other one says it's a log. The bigger cow then throws the stone at the object to see if it will react but nothing happens. Then he says it's a crocodile. The other one insists that it is a log. The bigger cow then takes a stick and moves the object with the stick and then insists that it is a crocodile. The one still says that it's a log.
The two buffalo are arguing whether the object in the water is a crocodile or a log. The left buffalo threw a rock at the object, poked it with a stick, and even jumped on it to determine what it was. 
2 cows looking into the water at an object.  They are both confused as to what the object is.  one thinks its a log the other thinks its a snappy animal. none cow picks up a stone and launches it at the object for a reaction. nothing happens. the same cow picks up a stick and prods the object. still, nithing happens.  the same cow puts his whole body weight on the object.n
Two animals--some sort of bovines--are at a watering hole, with an object partially submerged in the water. According to thought bubbles above the bovines, one of the bovines thinks the object in the water is a partially submerged alligator; the other bovine believes the object is a log.nnOne of the bovines throws rocks and splashes water on the object, which doesn't move or otherwise react. The bovine then hops on top of the object.
The cows continued arguing about whether it was a log or an alligator. One of the cows poked the lump with a stick, then splashed some water on it and the lump did not move. Then the cow stepped on the lump and it currently standing on it.
the animals wanted to pass the river, but they didn't know if its safe to do so. The thought about having a wood to pass the river, but they have been worried about dengaurous.
Two animals were arguing where a crocodile or a log was at the surface of the water.nThe first said it was a crocodile the second said it was a log.nThey continued to argue until the first jumped on it 
There are 2 cows by the water looking at an object immersed in the water. One says it is a log, the other one says it's a crocodile. One of them starts throwing rocks to the object to see if it moves, then uses a stick to poke it. Nothing happened after these actions, we still don't know if it is a floating log or a crocodile.
There are two cows or oxen at a lake and they are still debating whether the thing in the water is a log or a crocodile. The one saying it's a log just jumped on the object. 
The 2 buffalo are deciding if an object in the water is a crocodile or a log. One insists its a crocodile and kicks a stone at it while the other says its a log. The first one pokes it with a stick and says its a crocodile whilst the other says its a log. The first buffalo flicks some water at the object and then jumps on to it.
The two cows continue to argue about whether the object is a crocodile or log. The one that thinks it is a crocodile splashes it and hits it with his foot. He then jumps onto the object
The two characters are sitting on the bank at the edge of the water. The two characters are arguing over the object in the water - is it a log or is it an alligator? The character on the left insists it's an alligator, and begins splashing it with water, and shaking it. 
Two cows or bulls were standing next to each other looking at something in the water. One of them thought it was a lot while the other thought it was an alligator. Then one of them began poking it with a stick.
The 2 bizon are arguing between if the thing in the water is a floating log or a crocodile. One of the Bizon throws a rock and pokes it with a stick to try get a reation to prove it is a crocodile. Eventually the Bizon steps across and stands on the floating object.
A pair of bison continue to argue (by grunting bubbles) whether the floating object in the water is a log or crocodile. The one bison throws a rock, pokes with stick, splashes with water, and points. Then that bison hops over to the object.
As the two wildebeests standing on the riverbank continued to debate weather the floating object was a wooden log or a crocodile. One wildebeest poked it and flicked water upon the object in the water and jumped directly onto it. 
The water buffalo who thinks that the object in the water is a crocodile throws a small rock at it to see if it does anything. Nothing happens. The who water buffalo still disagree about whether it's a crocodile or a log. So the crocodile who believes it to be a crocodile then throws a stick at it. Again, nothing happens. The two water buffalo continue to disagree about what it is. The water buffalo who believes it to be a crocodile splashes water on it and then jumps on top of it.
two animals were at a watering hole and they were checking if there was a log or crocodile in the water
The rams are still going back and forth about whether the object in the water is a crocodile or a log. One of the rams decides to poke it and instinctively hop on it. 
Two cows are standing next to a body of water trying to figure out what is in the water. One cow suggests it is an alligator but the second cow shakes his head no. The first cow throws a rock at the lump but it doesn't move. He then suggests it is a log. He then proceeds to walk onto the lump and starts jumping around. 
These two big cows were thinking about whether they should go in this body of water but there is something in the water. It is either a large log or an alligator. One of the cows pokes the thing in the water and determines that it is a log and jumps on to it. But the other cow isn't so sure.
The two water buffalo are arguing over whether something in the water is a log or a crocodile.  The one water buffalo who thinks it is a crocodile pokes the object with a stick and nothing happens.  He splashes water on it and nothing happens.  Then he jumps on top of the object.
Two bulls were unsure where they were seeing a log or a crocodile at the surface of a river.nThe first bull said it was a crocodile the second said it was a lognThe first splashed water and even used a stick to hit it but there were still no movements so it jumped onto it
the two bulls cant decide if is a wooden log or a crocodile, so one of them pokes it and jumps on top of it 
There are two cows next to a lake and they are looking at  floating object in the water. One says it is an alligator while the second says it a log of wood. Then the second one splashes some water on the object, pokes it with a stick and finally jumps on it to prove it is a log.
The buffalo on the right is convinced the object in the water is a log. The left one is still believes it's a crocodile and pokes it with a stick, the object in question doesn't move. The buffalo on the right is unamused and reaffirms that they believe it is a log. The buffalo on the left splashes the object in question with water, and when nothing happens he jumps onto it. The buffalo on the right is unconvinced and still believes it is a log
The animals were conversing trying to work out what the object was in the water. They prodded the object, and thought it was either a log or an alligator. They saw the object didn't respond when prodded, and so one animal stood on it and found it was in-fact a log.
The cows were debating about whether the object in the water was a log or a crocodile. One of them threw a stone at it. It did not respond. They poked it with a stick and then stood on it, stamping it with their feet.
The two animals are debating whether the animal is a log or a predator. One of them decides to poke it to see.
There are two animals who are debating whether something in the water is a crocodile or a log. The animal closest to the water throws a rock at the thing in the water. The animals debate again whether its a log or a crocodile or a log. Th animal closest to the water pokes it with a stick. they debate again. the animal then slashes some water infront of it. the animal the knocks it with its foot then jumps on it.  
The buffalo that thought the object was a crocodile threw a stone at the object. When there was no reaction, the second buffalo again claimed the object was a log. The first buffalo then poked the object with a stick, but again there was no reaction, and the second buffalo said it was a log. The first buffalo then jumped onto the object.
The two animated water buffalo are still standing on the edge of the water looking at the object in the water. Once buffalo thinks it is a log and the other thinks it is a crocodile. One pokes it with a stick, throws a stone at it and splashes water on it. The object doesn't move so the one that thinks it is a crocodile jumps onto the object.
the water buffalo continued to argue wether it was a log or a crocodile, the one who thinks its a croc tries poking it with a stick, throwing stones, and eventually jumps on the log croc in the water
The two buffalo are arguing over if the object in the water is an alligator or a log. The buffalo in the back insists its an alligator while the buffalo in the front insists it's a log. The gator buffalo throws a rock at the floating object in the water, the log buffalo tells him again it's a log. The gator buffalo still insists it's a gator so he splashes water on it. The floating object gently bounces in the water but nothing happens. The log buffalo again says it's just a log. The gator buffalo still says it's a gator and pokes it with a stick. The floating object again bounces in the water and the buffalo who thinks it's a gator steps on the floating object.
The water buffalo on the left kept saying it was a crocodile while the one on the right still thought it was a log.  They argued like that as the one on the left threw a rock at it, then poked it with a stick, then tossed some water on it, and then it jumped on the back of it.
the 2 animals at the watering hole about to drink water, the other animal tells the friend that there is a crocodile in the water the other disagree and say its a log, it even throws a stone in the water to show the friend that there is a crocodile but the friend says its a log, it pokes the crocodile with a stick but it did not move but it insist that there is a crocodile in the water the friend still disagrees
The buffalo can't agree on whether or not the thing in the water is a crocodile or a log. The buffalo on the left thinks it's a crocodile. It throws a rock at the object in the water and pokes it with a stick. The buffalo still can't agree on what the object is. The left buffalo splashes water on the object and then proceeds to jump on it.
They was going back and forth about rather it was an alligator or log. One ram decides to tap on it and it doesnt move then he decides to jump on it
The buffalo on the left kept insisting it is an alligator and the other continues to say log. The left buffalo jumps on top of the yet unidentified object in the water.
The 2 wildebeests are still standing at the edge of the water arguing over whether the object is a crocodile or a log. After each back and forth the one who thinks it is a crocodile performs a physical action. Firstly throwing a rock, then poking with a stick and then finally stepping out on top of the object.
The two water buffelo continue arguing if the object in the water is an alligator or a log.  The one which says its an alligator then proceeds to throw a stone at the object, it does not move at all, he then splashes water, still nothing - The water buffelo then decides to climb ontop of the object
A bison thinks there is a log submerged in the water. The other bison thinks it is a crocodile. The bison throws a stone at the thing in the water and prods it with a stick. He then throws water on it and jumps on top of it.
There are two bulls on the bank of a river. One bull thinks that something floating in the water is an alligator but the other thinks it is a log. The friend that thinks it is an alligator is trying to prove it is by throwing rocks at it and has even just decided to step onto it. 
they was wondering wether it was a crocodile or a log, then 1 of them stepped on it
They try to work out if it's a log or a crocodile. One of the cows throws a stone at it, then hits it with a stick, then splashes it with water. They still don't know whether it's a log or a crocodile. One of the cow then jumps on it
The animals argue over whether the 'object' in the water is either a crocodile or a log. They go back and forth until one starts to poke it with a stick, and then jumps on top of it. 
The buffalo throws a rock at the thing sticking out of the water then prods it with a stick before splashing water onto it. Finally, the buffalo jumps onto it. 
The bull throws a rock at the object in the water and the bulls still argue whether it is a crocodile or a log. The bull then prods the object with a stick and it still doesn't move. They once again debate what it is, the bull gets frustrated, splashes it with water and then decides to walk on top of the object.
Two cartoon buffalo are looking at what appears to be log shaped object submerged in the water. The first buffalo moos in a thought bubble that it is a crocadile aligator, but the second buffalo moos that it is a log. The first buffalo then throws a rock at it, then pokes it with a branch, then jumps on the object, presumably to try to get the crocadile aligator to show itself
