It is six years earlier, in New York. The real Frank is at a Rotary Club event and goes to the stage, after receiving an award. He starts to make his acceptance speech. 
The man on stage calls frank abignale up, but the man played by Christopher walken, presumably the real, original frank, goes up on stage. While he goes up there is a caption that says this is 6 years earlier in new york. He has started a speech where he says he is humbled.
Frank William Abegnale came to collect the award as everyone was clapping. He shook the hand of the man that was speaking earlier a started his speech
We're in a flashback to 6 years earlier in a place called New Rochelle in 1963. A man is hosting a ceremony in a hall full of people, dressed up and seated at tables. We see a young Frank. He's pealing off a label from a bottle of wine. The host of the ceremony is honouring Frank, singing his praise and giving him an award. The camera pans not to the Frank we know but to another man who gets up and accepts the award, and we are to understand that this is the real Frank, and that Leonardo Di Caprio's character steals his identity.
Frank Abignale stands up but not the Frank we've seen before.  He goes to the stage, a caption says its New Rochelle, New York 1963.  The new Frank starts giving a speech thanking the Mayor.
6 years earlier an award was given
The rotary club is meeting, to give an award to frank william abignail. however, the person who walks up on the stage to give a speech, is a different man entirely from the man in the prior sceens attemping to escape the jail. he begins a speech.
The guy on the podium introduces Frank William Abignale who goes to the podium to make a speech. There are captions that state that this scene is set six years earlier in 1963 and in New York.
franks dad (assuming its his dad) begins his speech and says he is honoured to be there
Its a flashback to six years earlier and Frank is being honor by a rotary club for their hall of fame, but he looks very different than from the scene before.
The scene takes place six years earlier in New York. Abignale is at a large banquet with his parents. Abignale's father is given an introduction at the podium, and he then walks to the podium to give a speech as the crowd applauds.
He announces the winner of the prestigious award as Frank William Abignale, but this is 6 years earlier and it's obviously the father of the character who gets a standing ovation and he starts an acceptance speech
A different guy comes up to the podium and it shows on the screen that this was from 6 years earlier. He goes up on the stage after giving a kiss on the cheek to his presumably wife, and shakes a guy's name which is Liam Robert Wagner, and thanks him for the award. It also showed this was in Rochelle, New York 1963 and everyone was clapping for this real guy Abingham. 
The room erupts into applause as another man named Frank gets up, kisses a woman on the cheek, and proceeds to the front of the room onto the stage to accept an award he has just been presented with. We are informed that this was six years earlier.
The scene cuts to 6 years earlier. Abignale is with his mum and dad at an awards ceremony. Abignale's father is getting recognition for his work at a Rotray club.
six years ealier , frank received an award
It mentioned that the event took place 6 years earlier and was in new York and then abignail got called up to the front and started speaking very briefly thanking guests while everyone was applauding and clapping
The movie moves to 1963 where a character called Abigal is receiving an award. The person getting the reward maybe the main character's father.
Flashback to 6years ago when Frank's father got an award of recognition. 
We have gone back six years and everyone is clapping as a man goes on stage to collect an award from the mayor
it is six years earlier people are clapping and a man is giving a speech.
Frank is at an awards ceremony six years earlier in New York. He has won an award and we see him walk up to the stage to collect it. He starts to make a speech.
The scent flashed back to 6 years earlier. Frank is at a Rotary club ceremony in New York in 1963, watching his father get an award. His mother is there too. Frank is more focused on trying to open a bottle of champagne than on anything going on around him.
Frank Abagnale (senior I assume) is being presented an award in a flashback from 5 years ago.
It shows him 6 years earlier receiving an award. He goes up on the stage to receive it.
Frank stands up in a room of people who are applauding him. As he gets up he kisses his partner on the cheek and shakes hands with a male at the table. We also find out this is taking place in 1963 in New York. He thanks the man who gave him the award as the room applauds. 
The audience applauds and Frank snr, hugs Frank Junior. We then cut away to a scene of a record player playing calm scenic music, and Frank Snr placing a certification on the wall, panning into the living room to see a Christmas tree and Frank Jnr, dancing with his mother.
The story went back in time to six years. Franks's father spoke at the event.
frank Williams Abenaki was introduced to the people at the dinner party and as he made his way to the podium everyone at the party stood up on their feet and began clapping their hands for him, as he got to the podium a plaque was presented to him and he began to deliver as speech by saying he is honored by the presence of
Franklin is receiving an award and is called to make a speech.
