At the Abignale house. Abignale senior is telling a story about French people and Abignale JR is dancing to a record playing in the living room with his mother. 
A young Frank (future conman and prisoner) and his mother and father are celebrating Christmas at what appears to be their home. A record plays music and Frank Jrs mother Paula opines that Frank Jr is a better dancer than his father. The mother and son duo begin to dance.
A woman was talking to someone and her son was spying.
They're back at home and his dad hung up his award. Frank Jr is dancing with his mom while his dad tell's a story of being in a French village during liberation.
The important person who came out to speak in public earlier has placed a vinyl record on a record player. And the Leonardo Dicaprio actor and the woman in red are dancing.
we see outside the Abignale house on a snowy day.  Insider the house we can see its Christmas time.  Frank Junior is dancing with his mother.  His mother says he is a better dancer than his father.  His father starts telling a story of how him and his mother met in France.
The scene opens up to a house in the winter with snow on the ground.  It then cuts to Frank Sr. telling a story while Frank Jr and his mom are dancing in front of a Christmas tree.  Frank Jr tells his dad that they have already heard the story. 
~ it shows a flashback to the end of the ceremony, everyone is applauding. then it shows back at franks home, he is happy and proud, and it is christmas time and it shows him and a female dancing around a christmas tree, while the other male is telling a story.
There is a nice car sitting outside a big front yard to a big house covered in snow. The voices you can hear from inside are Frank`nk and his parents. His mum is saying that Frank is a much better dancer than his father. The house is decked out in Christmas decorations and everyone is wearing woolly jumpers. The father is telling the story of how he and his wife  he was an American soldier who met her when liberating her village in the war.
We are now at Franks home during Christmas time and Frank Jr is dancing with his mother whilst his father is putting on a record and starts to tell the story of how he and Franks mother met in France. Frank tells him jokingly that we have all heard this story before whilst continuing to dance with his mother.
It's Christmas time. Frank Sr. hangs his new award on the wall. Frank Jr. dances with his mom by the Christmas tree.
Frank's dad hangs his award on the wall and tells a story, while Frank and his mom dance around the living room near a Christmas tree surrounded by gifts.
Flashback continues with Frank dancing with his mother as his father tells the story of how they met
This is a flash back where Frank Abernathy remembers his father and step-mother lovingly.
The Abagnales are celebrating Christmas in their home. Abagnale Jr. dances with his mother while Abagnale tells them a story about his exploits in France during the war.
Frank Jr is dancing with his mother in front of the CHristmas tree to a record that is playing. Frank Sr has just begun describing a story from his past but Frank Jr says that he's heard it before. 
The scene shows a house with a car outside. The scene cuts to inside the house and a man is talking whilst hanging a picture frame of an award. Music is playing in the background from a record player. Frank and his mum are dancing whilst the father continues to talk. 
It is a flashback to Leonardos charaterrs Frank younger days, at home with his parents at Christmas time. He is dancing with his mother
The family are celebrating at home. Frank Junior is dancing with his mother as Frank Senior hangs his award on the wall. Frank Senior begins telling the story of how he met his wife in France.
We're looking at a nice suburban scene in winter (there's snow on the ground). The father, Frank Abignale, puts a framed certificate on the wall (I guess the award he just won). He's recounting stories of the war, explaining how the French were so happy to see Americans that they had some ... event... in a crowded social hall to celebrate their arrival. The son and mother are dancing to old timey music, and the son says that he's already heard this story before. 
It is christmas time and franks family is enjoying music and dancing in the household. 
It pans to a snowy day with a car out front of a family home. A young Frank can be seen dancing with his mother in their living room in front of the Christmas tree. Frank's dad is also there talking about politics general matters. They all laugh and seem quite happy. 
Frank, Jr the con man is dancing with his mother in the living room, at Christmas time while Frank, Sr is saying something that the French in some small town is infactuated with Americans.
It's Christmastime and Frank junior is in the living room with his mother and father. He is dancing with his mother as his father walks around the room telling a story. 
Camera pans around a snowy scene in middle class suburban US neighbourhood. An old record plays as we are now in the speaker's house at Christmas time. The speaker is the father of the prisoner.
A white car is parked outside a house. Music is playing and son and mom are dancing. The father talks about his daily stuffs.
I was wrong about Leonardo DiCaprio's character being a fake Frank.  He was actually Frank Abignal Jr.  The scene was at Christmas time, snow on the ground, a nativity scene in the yard, music playing inside the house, and Frank Jr was dancing with his mom.  Frank Sr. was telling a story that his family had heard many times before.
frank jr as dancing with his mum where she proclaimed he is a better dancer than his father, while his father recanted a story they are already familiar with
It is still six years earlier and it is Christmas time.  The  father is hanging his award up while his son and his wife are dancing in the living room to music. The mother said that the son is a better dancer than the father. 
The next scene pans to a snowy street with a car outside. The scene moves forward to Frank Abagnale Snr hanging his award on the wall. His son (Frank Jr) and his mother are dancing together. Frank Jr's mother states that he is a better dancer than his father. It is also christmas time with a christmas tree in the living room. Frank Snr starts to tell a story which he has told many times before.
