The prisoner has escaped from the infirmary and is running along the prison wing. Prisoners are banging against the rails. He collapses to the ground. 
The fbi agent says oh frank, seemingly amused at his escape. We see frank running down a prison corridor while the other prisoners cheer. He is still coughing and falls to his knees. The agent and the guards start walking up behind him.
Guards realised he tried to escape. Prisoner tried to run but he was still very weak and sick. All of the fellow prisoners were chanting for his escape but he fell on his knees and guards caught up to him
As Carl and the French detectives argue about when Frank can see a doctor, Frank escapes the sick ward, and the French detective finds the bed where he was resting empty. We then see Frank crawling through the prison as the inmates watch him. Carl, the French detective and prison guards aren't far behind him and are getting ready to capture him. One of them has his gun out.
When they pull back the curtains Frank is gone.  The French guards run through the door after him.  You see Frank running through the prison still coughing while all the other prisoners bang cups on their bars.  The French guards soon catch up with Frank who is crawling along the floor.
the prisoner has got out of the medical unit and is crawling through the prison.  
Frank has escaped the hospital bed while the agent and french police were discussing his illness, Prisoners cheer him on by rattling their cups on the fencing holding them back. Frank is indeed incredibly sick and he falls to his hands and knees, hacking and coughing as the policemen and agent catch up to him.
The prison guards realise Frank has escaped and they then find him crawling along the prisons main hallway in front of the other prisoners who are cheering whilst locked up behind bars.
frank is seen staggering by some jails cells and the police catch up to him
The doctor goes into the room to check on Frank and he has left.  He tried to escape prison but they found him in the cell block because he is not well.
One of the prison guards pulls back a curtain to check on the prisoner, who should be laying on the bed. To his surprise, Abignale has apparently ran away. The scene then cuts to Abignale crawling and scrambling through the prison corrider as all of the prisoners yell and cheer while clanging their cups against the prison bars. The French guards and the FBI agent then quickly walk toward Abignale to apprehend him. 
Abignale is seen running past the prisoners who are banging and clanging, although he still seems very ill, coughing. He's on his hands and knees as the French contingent and Hanratty catch up with him
The prison person in charge moved the curtain away to find the character played by Leonardo DiCaprio had left and gone out the door while they were washing their hands. It then goes to a scene of a bunch of prisoners yelling and banging on the fence they are in up above and DiCaprio tries running but keeps coughing and then crawls to try to escape. However, the mob of police officers and the character played by Hanks seem to catch up to him. It is a very cold dark prison, seems quite large, but also seems like no door is available to escape out of. 
One of the French attendants at the prison looks for Frank behind the curtains hoping to find him on the bed. However, Frank is attempting to run away and walks across a passage with other inmates cheering on one side behind bars. Frank is coughing continuously and this is affecting his pace as he attempts to get away, the French authorities are calming following behind him as well the FBI agent.
Hanratty serves to extradite Abignale. Abignale collapses and Hanratty calls for a doctor. While Hanratty is talking to the guards, Hanratty escapes from the hospital ward but is soon caught.
He was sent to the hospital to receive medical treatment
The prisoner ran away without the officers knowing. They then realised and went looking for him and found him coughing on the floor in a place full with prisoners screaming and shouting. They approached him with the first officer holding a gun 
Frank tries to escape, but he doesn't get too far as he is very sick. Also the FBI agent threatens the German guys.
Frank tries to escape but he is a bad state of health and couldn't even walk for a long distance.
Frank tries to escape he runs through a corridor while other prisoners bang their bars. He takes a coughing fit and falls to the floor crawling  along while the prison guards catch up on him
frank tries to escape the prison but is too sick to make it
The official starts arguing with the french prison guards about getting a doctor for Frank, who is on a hospital bed behind some curtains. The official says if Frank dies he will blame the prison guard for this. The prison official opens the curtains and Frank has vanished. They immediately chase after him. We see a scene of Frank walking through a corridor of the prison, all the inmates are looking at him from a cage, banging spoons and shouting. Frank is weak and falls on the floor, the officials catch up with him when he drops.
DiCaprio's character (Frank) is brought into the prison clinic and put on a bed, with curtains surrounding it. While the guards are washing their hands (they say he has lice), Hanks is berating them about Frank's condition, saying he'll hold them responsible if he dies. In the meantime, Frank has slipped off the bed and escaped the ward via an unlocked door. Hanks and the guards follow him and find Frank dragging himself along a prison corridor. Inmates are making noise and cheering his attempted escape. The guards and Hanks catch up to him.
Frank is shown trying to escape the prison, with all the other inmates cheering him on.
When they pulled back the curtains, he had escaped. It showed him trying to escape going past all the jail cells. All the criminals were cheering him. But he was not well enough to go fast and they were catching him.
As the curtain is moved, its clear to the prison guards that Frank has made a run for escape. They all look through the door and can see it is open into the main prison. The prisoners are all tapping on the walls and steel, as Frank makes a run for it down the corridor next to all the cells. He continues coughing and falls onto his knees to crawl. The prison guards catch up to him. 
Frank makes his way to the stage, pausing briefly to kiss a lady in a red dress on the cheek before continuing. The scene is set in New York, 1963. He starts his speech on stage...
Frank (the prisoner) tried to escape but it did not turn out well because he was sick.nHe was crawled on the ground and coughed.
while the officers were washing their hands frank escaped from an open door and the prison warder asked his officers to search for him, then the FBI agent called out frank, the prison hallway was shown and the prisoners were screaming as they saw frank staggering in the hallway and there appears the prison warder, FBI agent and order officer in the prison hallway while frank was scrawling on the floor of the hallway
Franklin collapses and Carl argues with the prison officer about his safety. Carl smiles as if he knows that Franklin is deceiving them by collapsing. Franklin tries to scape throughout the prison corridor.
