In a rainy scene, in Marsailles in 1969, Carl Hanratty from the FBI introduces himself to French Police from beneath an umbrella. He is then shown into a Police Station. 
The man played by tom hanks claims he is from the FBI and is there to see frank abagnale. It then shows us that it is outside a prison in France on Christmas eve 1969. The guards are currently unlocking doors and leading him into the prison.
The fbi agent Carl Henratty was trying to tell local cops how do you say his last name in the rain. Then he entered a prison
We see a man in a hat and trench coat, standing outside a jail in the rain, talking with other men. All of them are standing under umbrellas. The main character of the seen is telling the other his  Carl something or other. A graphic on the screen reads: Marseille, France, Christmas Eve 1969. Cut to =: the men are now inside the jail, walking through a door.
The man in the hat and glasses said his name was Hanratty and he was from the FBI.  He tried to explain to the French police that he was there to see the prisoner Abignale.  A caption said it was Marseille, Christmas Eve 1969.  You then saw Hanratty looking through a peep hole in what looked like a prison.
The men are chatting under  an umberella
An American FBI agent (Tom Hanks), arrives in France and meets with french police in the rain to discuss Abignail and that his orders are to meet with Abignail. There is some translation issues but eventually he is on his way inside to meet with Abignail.
The police officers surround the guy who introduces himself as Carl Hanratty who says he has orders to see someone (unclear who). A caption appears denoting the scene is set in Marseille in 1969. The scene of a prison door opening is then shown.
the cop who caught frank is in france trying to talk to the police to go and see frank abignail is prison.
Carl Hangratty is an FBI agent and he visits a prison in France.
An FBI agent is standing in the pouring rain while trying to convince a group of French guards to let him visit the prisoner, Frank William Abignale. He is then shown being led into a dark, dingy prison cell by one of the guards. 
Tom Hanks plays FBI Agent Hanratty, and the scene shows him in a very wet France round about Christmas 1969 going towards a police cell
A character played by Tom Hanks was asking foreign police officers from France supposedly dated 1969 on Christmas Eve on a pouring rainy day outside, saying that his name is Carl and he is looking for the American prisoner Abingham and he kept repeating this a couple times to them. The foreign police officers finally took him inside and the scene opens to a camera through a peering hole of a door and shows the foreign police officer with this FBI agent played by Tom Hanks and his fellow coworker. It ended with them walking through the door but the scene didn't show yet what it was. 
The FBI agent who was surrounded by policemen in the rain introduced himself as an American FBI agent named Frank. They lead him to the cell.
The 3 contestants sit down and a woman asks them a question - why not take up a proper profession and who caught him? The scene then cuts to the man who caught them, Carl Hanratty. He is in a foreign country looking for Abignale.
the man was arrested
The man was trying to speak to the Police officers to make them understand who he was and who he is looking for. He was in France and the French police didn't really understanding what he was saying because he was speaking English as he said he was American. Then they let him in the police station and opened a door 
One of the guys in the studio claiming to be Abigal talks about how he got caught. There is then a cut to the FBI agent in question cathcing Abigigal.
Frank was finally caught by an FBI agent in France and the FBI agent got orders to over see his transfer to the United States.
Carl goes on Christmas eve 1969 to the jail to visit Frank
 a man working for the fbi has came to talk to a prisoner.
We saw a detective or police office called Karl trying to explain to some French officials that he has the authority to meet this prisoner in one of their jails. We see him being allowed in, he peeks through the window and then the door of the cell is opened.
They switched to a clip of a film about the person in the gameshow, the con-man. In it, the FBI agent who arrested him is in France in 1969 talking to French officials and trying to gain access to interview the suspect. The agent is played by Tom Hanks.
Its Christmas Eve in France. Carl Hanratty who works for the FBI is trying to explain to french officers who he is. He also mentions Frank Abagnale before he is then guided into what looks like a prison unit. 
The 3 moved to be questioned by the panel. Then it went to a clip of the film with Tom Hanks in it
The scene starts with Carl Abindale, telling the men that he works for the FBI. It's very rainy and you get a sense that the people he is speaking to don't understand him very well. You get information that this is happening in Marselle, France on Christmas Eve in 1969. The scene was just starting where they had entered the prison. 
The FBI agent looks at Frank, Frank is still coughing heavily. The FBI agents goes on to read him his human rights. Frank still coughing and still slumped in the same position, asks him 'help me'. The FBI agent says he cannot be fooled, as Frank looks up and says again... 'help me'.
The guy with the umbrella went to to police station for visiting,
some officer were having a discussion in the rain, and one introduced himself as an FBI officer from the united state and he was there for Abenaki, Marseilles France 1999 was written on the screen,  then we were shown a place i think was inside the prison and officers were opening one door after the offer while the other officers followed him
It did show part of the fil Catch me if you can, with Tom Hanks playing FBI agent Carl Hanratty Jr.
