there is an award ceremony, frank is sitting at the table holding a wine bottle, he swiftly rips the label off withing it tearing and places it on the table, the man on the stage is  joking about how the winner has kept them so busy, and then, announcing the winner of the hall of fame, he calls franks name
There is a man standing at a podium in front of many people at some kind of ceremony. Frank is sitting at a table removing the label off of a bottle of wine. The man at the podium announces some type of aknowledgment to Frank Abignail.
We have a flashback to when Frank was younger and the actual Frank Abignail was being honored at a Rotary dinner. The younger Frank who is played by Leonardo DiCaprio is seen riping of a wine bottle label wearing a private school blazer and a woman in a red dress is sitting next to him (possibly his mother). She is smoking. Showing context of the film most likely in the 60s.
There is an award ceremony where Frank Abignail (senior, the father of Frank Abignail Jr) is being presented with an award. His wife and son are at the award ceremony with him. His son pulls the label off of an expensive bottle of wine. The event moderator announces the award and says Frank's name to come up and accept it.
An older man is giving a talk to a large dinner party about another older man in the audience who is sat next to a woman in a red dress, smoking. The man on stage introduces him as Frank William...
There's a man on a podium  giving a speech.The Camera pans around to a table with a woman wearing a red dress smoking. With a young man ripping the label from a wine bottle. To the right side of the woman is an older man at the table. The  man on the podium starts saying Franks name.
Some man was giving a speech about Frank, who was sitting at a table, cleaned up and in a fancy suit uniform, ripping a label off a wine bottle.
Frank is now shown seated in a gathering where he lives and a man is on stage announcing that he wants to give Frank an award. Frank is seated next to a woman who is smoking a cigarette and another man. Frank is not listening to the announcement but instead, he takes a bottle and rips the paper or label off the bottle while a man calls him to the stage.
The scene cuts to a guy giving a speech at a podium. The camera shows a young adult or late teen holding what seemed like a bottle of wine. He ripped off the label and the lady next to him is seen with a lit cigarette in her hands. The guy at the podium welcomes Frank and mentions how he has kept pencils sharp. 
a man is up speaking and about to give an award out, a young boy sits there ripping off a label from a bottle, next to him a women and to her a man
They are in a hall which is holding an award ceremony. Someone who looks like the chief of police is making a speech about Frank Abignail. There are important-looking people in the hall cheering on. Frank Abignail is about to receive an award.
man making a speech at some kind of special dinner
The scene cuts to the part where a speaker is announcing on the dias about the achievements of Mr. Abagnale, probably Frank's dad, that his name will be added to the wall of fame.
The scene changed to a more respectable scenery, there's a man who's doing a speech and the camera pans to Frank with a bottle of something that looks expensive, ripping off the label, a woman sitting next to him, and another older man, as the one doing the speech calls on stage Frank.
Frank says to Carl that they should go home. Then the scene changes and a man is addressing what to seems to be parliamant or something. After he giving his speech and calls on his good friend the podium. The friend is Frank.
There was a flashback to Frank getting an award at a fancy gala. Frank seemed disinterested in the whole affair and was pulling the label off of a wine bottle. 
Frank was released and there was a ceremony for him 
A man is up on a podium, announcing an award that he is giving. He happily and excitedly announced Frank as the recipient of the prestigious award! A woman sat smiling, smoking a cigarette next to Frank as he peeled the label off of a wine bottle seemingly uninterested in the speaker on stage. 
The scene has cut to some kind of award ceremony, the speaker is about to present an award to the main characters dad. Meanwhile the main character is peeling the brand sticker of a bottle of wine.
Someone is making a toast to an audience. We see Frank sitting and ripping paper off a wine bottle, he is next to a woman smoking a cigarette and another man who looks official. The man making the toast announces that Frank has won the award
From the prison, it appears that the scene has gone to a flashback, this is a scene in which a person is on stage. Our main character is holding a bottle of wine, sat at a table with a small number of people, he pulls the label from the bottle, and next to him a finely dressed woman is smoking a cigarette, the camera pans to a well-dressed man who is looking intently at the stage as the person introduces the main character to the stage.
Frank is now at a press conference. He is seated and listening to a person speak. This appears to be a very important event.
There is a man standing at a podium talking to a room. the man from before rips a label off a wine bottle. the man at the podium then announces and award for someone
The prison scene cuts away to a new scene at a military award ceremony. it is unclear if this is before or after the prison scene we have just seen. A commander is giving a speech about to commend someone and seated at a table is Frank, a women smoking a cigarette in a red dress and other military personnel. Frank is pulling the label off a bottle of red wine. The commander announces that he is commending Frank William Abignail.
It went back to when frank was a kid attending a award ceremony with his family, the man on stage awards one to his father 
the cornman tried to escape while waithing for the doctor to examine him but he did not go very far because he was caughing and could not run fast, he was apprehended and taken by the FBI agent Frank
You see the main character of the movie, the one that seems to be an imposter and just tried to escape prison at some kind of awards ceremony. He is peeling the label from a wine bottle. 
It abruptly cuts to a scene where Frank is sat around a table with what appears to be family members. A man is giving a speech on someone, and the camera focuses on a person that could well be Frank's dad. 
The scene cuts to a speaker in a room filled with people. The camera pans to Frank and his family as he rips off the label of a bottle of wine. The speaker than mentions Frank William Abagnale
A guy on a pedestal is speaking to a room of people, including leo. Leo does not appear to be listening, and instead is focused on tearing the label off a wine bottle as a woman smokes a cigarette and smiles in the foreground. The camera pans and suddenly Christopher walken is in the picture, and smiles demurely
