Frank Senior shows Darcey a gold necklace and suggests that it is hers. She looks interested.
It is revealed he is holding a necklace, which he says he found in the parking lot. The woman pauses and looks kind of skeptical. Frank senior says it must have slipped right off your neck with a mischievous look on his face.
The man shows the lady a neckles and asks if it belongs to her. He then continues that he just found it and it must've slipped off her neck
Frank Sr. is holding a gold chain with a pendant on it and asking Darcy is it's hers. He says he found it in the parking lot and it must have slipped right off her neck.
The store lady slowly walked out the door looking at the necklace Frank Snr was holding.  Frank Snr said he just found it in the parking lot and it must have just slipped off her neck.
the man takes his son to borrow a funeral suit from a shop where he finds a necklace belonging to darcy who works there
Frank sr asks darcy if the necklace he found in the parking lot was hers, then continues to explain it must have slipped right off her neck.
The sales assistant Darcy seems puzzled and suspicious at the sight of the bracelet in Frank seniors hands. He jokingly states that it must have slipped right off her neck.
franks dad tells the shop owner that the necklace is hers to try and convince her to let them buy a suit from her
He said the necklace seemed to slip right off her neck.
Standing outside the gate at a men's clothing store, Frank's Dad asks the woman inside, named Darcy, if this necklace is hers. She then gazes at the necklace, showing interest. Frank Sr. then says It must have slipped right off your neck. He is clearly trying to bribe Darcy into letting them borrow a black suit for Frank Jr. 
He asks if it's Darcey's necklace. He says he found it in the parking lot and that it must have slipped right off her neck...
Frank tells Darcy to come back and keep the door open and he asks her if this was hers, and it pans to a gold necklace and he says I found it in the parking lot it must've slipped off your neck and it zooms into his face. Frank Jr. has almost a smirk on his face during this encounter. 
Darcey recognises the silver necklace Frank senior is asking her about.
Abignale is taken to a Tailors by his dad. The shop is closed. The dad tries to bribe the woman to open the shop early with a necklace.
they went to a shop to purchase a suit
The man showed the shop owner the necklace and she opened the door back again and the man said he found it in the park and if it is hers. She was interested in it and kept looking at it
Frank's father is trying to charm a woman into opening a store earlier so he can buy his son suit.nnHe's not having much luck, but then he pulls out her necklace, which he found in the car park and the lady then softens up.
Franks father still trying to get the lady to open the boutique so Frank can get a suit brings out a beautiful necklace and asks the lady if it is hers, he's trying to win her over.
Frank offers Darcey a necklace in exchange for his son getting a loan of a suit
he shows the woman a necklace that belongs to her
Frank senior dangles a gold necklace and asks the sales assistant Darcey if if belongs to her. She sees it and seems to recognise it. Frank explains he found it in the parking lot and says it must have slipped right off your neck
Franks and his dad at at a clothing store. Frank's dad is telling the sales assistant that he needs her to let them in so he can get a black suit for Frank, so he can attend his grandfather's funeral. The woman is reluctant. He then says the dead man was a war hero and then asks her if she dropped a necklace which he found in the parking lot. He asks if they can borrow a suit for Frank.
Frank Sr is attempting to bribe Darcy with a necklace by saying he found it in a parking lot. To try and get her to open the store early.
Frank senior showed her a necklace and asked Darcy if it was hers. She said ahha.He then replied saying It must have slipped right off your neck.
As the lady is looking at the two Franks on the other side of the door (of which says 'closed' on it), older Frank pulls out a necklace from behind the shutter. The woman seems surprised as he says he found it in the parking lot and it must have slipped of her neck. She says 'uh huh' as she is confused. 
Frank jr's father showed a necklace to the woman and  I have found it in the parking lot, it could slip off your neck.
frank showed Darcey a necklace and he he found it in the parking lot and he must have slipped off her neck
Frank Sr stops in front a closed shop and calls for the lady. He says that Frank Jr needs to borrow a suit. The lady says that they do not lend suits, and that the shop is still closed. Frank Sr calls her with more familiarity and asks if the necklace in his hand is hers. He says that he found it on the parking lot and it must have slipped through your neck
