Mr Hanratty makes attempts to read some charges   legislation through the grill in the door. The prisoner is very sick and coughing a lot. Mr Hanratty is dubious about whether he is being genuine. The prisoner asks for help. 
the man played by tom hanks starts rapidly reading off human rights legislation. Frank keeps coughing. The man who isn't frank tells him to stop, and says that he cannot be fooled, implying he thinks it's all a performance.
Cellmate was caughing. The fbi agent began to talk to him but all he could reply was help me'. FBI agent answered You can't fool me though
Franks sits in a dark, dirty in wet jail cell,. He's covering himself in a dirty blanket. Carl talks to him through a peep hole and reads him something. Frank coughs deeply and  Help me. Carl responds something like: You don't think I'm going to fall for that, do you?
Hanratty spoke to a prisoner through the grill and called him Frank.  Frank was coughing and looked ill.  Hanratty said 'you don't think that'd gonna fool me do ya?'.
a man was coughing really bad and looke so unwel
The FBI agent is shown to a chair, and told he is not allowed to pass anything to Abignail. He sits, under his umbrella as the roof is leaking, and begins to read the Articles of Extradition to Abignail who is curled in a corner wrapped in a blanket. Abignail is clearly very sick and coughing deeply, the FBI agent comments he also has a bit of a cold. Abignail begins to ask for help, and the agent says do you really think thats going to work on me? before continuing to read the Articles of Extradition.
Carl Hanratty starts talking to the guy in the cell by reading articles and laws from the European court of human rights. The guy in the cell asks him to help whilst continuously coughing. Carl Hanratty eventually addresses the guy as Frank and says that he should stop trying to fool him.
frank asks for the cops help but he doesn't believe he is actually ill and thinks he is trying to fool him.
Carl was reading the rights of extradition and Frank asked him to help him but Carl thinks he is trying to fool him.
The FBI agent is outside of Abignale's cell, talking to him through the peephole. Abignale is shown coughing and feeling very ill. The FBI agent rambles off a list of charges Abignale is facing. Abignale tells him Help me!. The FBI agent seems to ignore his plea.
Leonardo de caprio continues to look ill and vulverable, while Tom Hanks reads the extradition rules. It looks like he's sympathetic to de Caprio, but he says that he's not fooling him!
The character played by Leonardo DiCaprio continues to cough and mutters help me to the FBI agent played by Tom Hanks through the peephole and he looks up to the ceiling and continues to cough. The FBI agent is reading some document, I think about his rights and mutters something to him and then continues reading but it was hard to pick up what was said because the coughing was so loud. 
The FBI agent reads the inmate his rights. The inmate is Frank, one of the men from the gameshow.
The scene cuts to Hanratty visiting Abignale in a dirty, foreign prison cell. Abignale looks ill. Hanratty is weary that Abignale is faking it.
The policeman told him he committed a human right offense
The officer was reading some legal agreements and law from a piece of a paper while the prisoner was just saying help me while looking into his eyes in pain and then continued coughing. The officer then said your not going to fool me and continued reading the piece of paper
The FBI agent is talking to Abigial about extraditon through the bars of his cell. Abigial asks him for help, but the agent is having none of it.
The FBI agent is led to the dungeon where Frank is being held, Frank is in a bad state of health and has a cold, The FBI agent reads him his rights and the laws.
Frank is in a dark wet cell and Cral is talking to him through a little grill panel. Carl is telling him his constitutional rights while Frank coughs in a damp blanket begging for help
the fbi man is talking to the prisoner frank and frank is asking him to help.
The official or officer sits outside the cell and speaks to the prisoner through the grille. He has to put up an umbrella because the roof is leaking. He starts to read out some information to the prisoner Franks about the European Court of Human Rights. Frank is coughing badly all the time. The official tells him to stop and that we won't fool him with his couging fits.
Hanks's character is given access to see the prisoner by the French guard. He pulls up a chair for Hanks outside the cell and tells him he's not to pass anything through the serving hatch. Hanks looks in and see the suspect (played by Leonardo DiCaprio) in a dingy, cold and dark cell. He is coughing and looks to be sick. Hanks says to him that can't fool him as he clearly believes DiCaprio to be faking being ill.
Carl is explaining to Frank the terms of his extradition. He also says he wouldn't be fooled by Frank's condition.
The character tom hanks is a detective and has gone to interview the con artist in Jail in France. The con artist is very unwell and is coughing and struggling to breath. He is asking for help
Carl starts talking to Frank in his prison cell. There is a flashback where you can see that Frank is being beaten up in the prison, and then it shoots back to Carl speaking to him throuh his prison cell door. Carl is clearly ill, wrapped in a blanket and with very long hair. He can't stop coughing
The police and detective realise that Frank is making an escape attempt after whisking back a hospital bed curtain and unable to find him. It cuts to a scene of a prison corridor with prisoners shouting and banging on the cell doors in support of Frank, who is crawling along the floor, coughing, and struggling to escape at any speed. We see three officers walking up behind him as he depreately tries to crawl away.
The man who was in the cell looked like one of the pilots from the show. The visitor has been read his rights, while the pilot said help me.
the prisoner was coughing seriously and the FBI agent said he has got a little bit of couch himself, the agent started reading some laws to the prisoner, then the prisoner said help me and the FBI agent said you cant fool me
It shows still part of the film, when Tom Hanks ( Carl Hanratty) starts talking with Franklin William in the prison. Franklin only coughs.
