Contestant number 1 finished explaining the reason he did not get a real job. Then question number 2 was asked a question on who had caught him. He mentioned a name I think it was Carl Hamraggy.  It then cut to a clip of a bunch of men with umbrellas because they were standing in the rain questioning a man. They were talking in another language other than English. The man being questioned kept saying his name Carl Hamraggy.
the lady asked contestant 1 why he did what he did, and he said that he needed money and those sets of professions would be the most lucrative. she asked contestant 2 who finally caught him, and he answered Carl Hanrady.  The scene then cut to a group of men in the rain with umbrellas.  One of them is Carl Hanrady, played by Tom Hanks.  They all have umbrellas and Carl is trying to communicate to the 4 or 5 other men that his name is Carl Hanrady and that he is from the FBI.  The other men don't seem to understand, I think they are speaking french.
1st guy describes why was he not trying to get a legitimate job. A 2nd guy (Leonardo DiCaprio) says who caught him, and his name is Henry something. Then there's the scene where the guy (Mel Gibson) is trying to get his name spelled right in French.
While Leonardo DiCaprio was on To Tell The Truth, they asked him who finally caught you. Then they show Tom Hanks' character in France in the rain trying to tell their police that he is from the FBI but there is a language barrier.
One of the panel started to ask questions starting with number one about why he did what he did and then asked number two who caught him and he replied Carl Hanratty
Frank abagnale said that carl hanratty was the one that caught him.
Number 1 concludes by saying that they needed the money. The woman then asks number 2 of who caught them. He gives a name. I hear Carl for the given name. The video then cuts to another scene where Carl introduces himself to others outside in the rain.
the 2nd impersonator announced he was finally caught by a man named carl, it then went to a clip of a group of men who looked like journalists  with 1 saying that his name is carl something over and over again
#1 answers the question, saying they needed the money at the time. #2 is asked who caught him, and he says Kyle Hanratty, and it cuts to a scene with someone saying that's their name in the rain.
They begin asking questions to the contestants. The first person is asks why he didn't consider an actual profession since he obviously seems to be quite intelligent. He answers that it came down to dollars and cents which i guess means he needed money. Then they ask the second contestant how he eventually got caught and he responds the name of the FBI agent that's hunting him down.Then they show a scene of the agent saying his name over and over.
The judge asked contestant number 2 who captured him. He answered that it was Carl Hanratty, an FBI agent.
Number 1 answered that he chose the career because he needed money when he was young and it was an easy way to get it.  Number 2 was asked when and how they got caught. Number 2 said he got caught by a man named Carl. A clip of Carl plays, where Carl explains he is a part of FBI.
The woman asked number 1 why with his intelligence why he didn't go for a legitimate career, to which he responded it was a matter of dollars and cents. She asked number 2 who caught him, and he responded with a name. It then cut away from To Tell the Truth to a group of men in the rain arguing which one of them caught the supposed imposter. 
no 1 wanted to make money as fast as possiblenno 2 was found found by carl hanratty the fbi the usan
One of the men on the gameshow To Tell The Truth refers to an FBI agent named Carl Hanratty. The action then cuts away to Hanratty (played by Tom Hanks) who is standing in the rain with a group of men, some of whom apparently don't speak English. Hanratty is hampered by the language barrier as he tries to introduce himself to the men.
ladies asked how that is possible to you did your role?
The woman asks the first of the men why he wanted to impersonate people and he said it was an easy way to get money. The asked the second man who finally caught him and he answered Charles Hanratty and then we see another scene where a man is trying to explain his name  - Charles Hanratty - to some forein policemen and tells them hes from the FBI.
Number one answered a question then the same question was asked to number 2. While number 2 began answering the question he said a mans name which led to a flashback of that very same man.
The questioner asks #2 (Leo diCaprio) who caught him. He says, his name was Carl Handraty). The scene then jumps to Carl with a group of foreign police, potentially French, standing in the pouring rain under umbrellas. He's trying to spell out his name as there is a miscommunication. 
The questioning has started for the contestants. Number one gets asked why he started conning and he answered because he need the money. Number two gets asked who caught him and he answered Carl Handrally? This ends up turning into a cut scene of Carl being identified as the FBI agent. 
Kitty questions contestant #1 and asked him, Why with all your talent would you do something like this? Contestant #1 informs her that that it really came down to dollars and cents. He needed money and this was the easiest way to get it. Kitty then asked contestant #2,  Who eventually caught him? Contestant #2 responds with the name Carl Hanready. We then see a scene with Carl standing in the middle of a small crowd in the pouring rain. Carl is standing under an umbrella repeating his name to the group and states that he is with the FBI. 
The first contestant was asked why he did the scams instead of getting a normal job and he answered it was for the money.  The second contestant was asked who caught him and he said something that sounded like Carl Hanratty and then the movie switched to a clip of an FBI person in the rain giving his name to the other people who appeared to be law enforcement.
He was caught by Kyle handwriting and he started to con for the money 
The lady is asking questions from the three men who call themselves the same person. She asks the first one why he chose to be a conman when he is obviously so bright. His answers because of the money. Lady asks the second man, who finally caught him and he replies Paul Hamby. The scene then cuts to where Mr Hamby is trying to tell his name to a group of cops. 
contestant no. 1 replied that he did it because he really needed the money. The woman asked the second contestant who eventually caught him. He said it was Carl Hanratty. We then saw a clip of Carl Hanratty, an FB! agent talking with others in the rain. 
Number 1 claims that it was the easy way to make money. Number 2 is asked who finally caught him, he replies 'Carl Hanraddy'. We then see Carl Hanraddy trying to explain to French police officers that he is Carl Hanraddy, from the FBI.
The man in the first chair finished answering the questions. The woman then asks the man in the second chair who caught him. The man in the second chair says he was caught by a man named Carl Handready. The scene changes to a bunch of men dressed in black standing in the rain with black umbrellas. Half the men speak french while the man portrayed as Carl is trying to tell them in English that his name is Carl and he is with the FBI.
The first person answered the question when it came to the second person he asked who caught him. The name was from a movie also. Handready was the name.
The lady asked to second contestant Leo DiCaprio who caught him and he answeres Carl Hanrattie. Tom Hanks is shown telling people he is FBI Carl Hanrattie.
The second contestant of the show proceeded to answer the question which was asked by the lady wearing the glasses - The contestant then responded by stating that he was caught by Carl Hamready, the scene then ends and another scene starts, in which Carl Hamready is speaking with some government people outside in the rain, telling them who he is and that he works for the FBInn
