The guards stop Frank's tentative escape at gunpoint. Frank tells the agent he agrees to proceed to go home.
Frank tried to escape but didn't get very far as he is genuinely ill. He gives in eventually after not getting very far.
Leo is crowling and coughing, trying to run from the police. Other inmates are cheering him from above. The police follows him and one of them point a gun to his head. He stops, gives up, throws himself on the floor and says to Tom Hanks ok, let's go home. 
As Frank was trying to escape from the prison officers he finally gives up and lies on the floor exhausted. The FBI agent looks over him and Frank says okay lets go home. 
Abignale stumbles crawls alond a prison wing to the sounds of cheering jeering of the watching prisoners whose cells overlook the wing. Abignale is followed and then caught up with by guards and Hanratty who were all pursuing at a fast walking pace. One of the officers puts a small pistol to thr back of Abignales head. Abignale gives up and allows himself to roll backwards with his arms outstretched above his head. He says to Hanratty (whom he addresses as Karl) that it is time to go home. Abignale then appears to clutch his chest with one hand.
Frank is trying to get away but he is having trouble as he is very sick. Hanks and the rest of the French guards are cathing up to him. The other prisoner are chearing. They catch him and he talks to Hanks and said ok, lets go home
After collapsing he started to crawl but the guards were catching up with him. The warden then placed a gun to his head while the guards calm the other prisoners in their cells down. The prisoner then falls onto his back and tells the detective Ok, lets go home.
They caught up to Frank trying to escape and he just laid on the ground and gave in.
Frank continues to crawl on the floor away from the guards. He then falls to the ground and turns onto his back. Looks up to the officer (Carl) and says 'okay Carl, lets go home now'.
The French police and Karl chase Frank down the prison corridors as he is coughing and spluttering.  When they catch up the French policeman holds a gun to Franks head and Frank collapses, lies on the floor looking like a starfish and looks at Karl and says OK Karl, lets go home
The guards drop Abignail onto a bed and begin to wash their hands, claiming to be removing lice.   The warden says the doctor comes tomorrow, and the FBI agent argues that he's worked very hard to catch this guy and if he dies, he's holding the warden responsible.   While they are arguing, the prisoner slips out the door behind them, attempting to escape.  But he really is ill, and collapses while trying to run so he is easily recaptured and surrenders to the American FBI agent. 
The con man tried to escape and got into a section of the prison that's less secure with all the regular prisoners making noise. He does in fact seem to be sick as he's having trouble running and is still coughing. One of the French police officers has a gun out and puts one to the con mans head as they catch up to him while he's crawling away. When they're caught up the con man falls to his back with his hands up and tells the FBI agent; okay lets go home.
Frank Abernathy kept trying to crawl away, apparently actually sick for real. The guards calmly, briskly, caught up to him (title!) and one of them put a gun to his head. Frank, very weak, finally surrendered.
Frank sneaks out if the infirmary and is next seen crawling the prison, still coughing floor in front of the cells. the FBI agent and prison guards easily catch up with him. Franks turns onto his back looks up at the FBI agent and says it's time to go home
Frank continues his escape from the ward, crawling along the floor back into the prison. Hanratty and guards chase him and catch him. Prisoners lokk on making a racket. Hanratty catches hi, Frank rolls over and says, okay, let's go home. We overhear the start of next scene. 
Frank Abagnale is crawling across the floor of the prison, still trying to escape after fleeing from the hospital room. But he is coughing and not at full strength so cannot move very well. The prison guards catch up to him and one puts a gun to his head. Frank falls back in surrender and agrees to return to the US to face charges. 
The scene witnesses Frank almost crawling along the corridor floor on 'all fours.' He is still coughing and looking the 'the worse for wear.' Hanraddy and the prison officials are following behind, not exhibiting any impetus or haste. As the prison official  reaches Frank he pulls out a gun and presses the nozzle on Franks head. Frank falls onto his back with arms outstretched above his head, like he knows he is beaten. He looks at Hanraddy and says; OK, lets go home. the camera then pans straight upwards towards the ceiling while still looking at Frank on the ground. We hear a voice but can't see the narrator proclaiming that; the rotary club goes back to 1919.
frank tried to escape while waiting to see a doctor and got caught by the guards a few minutes later
frank tries escaping but gets caught because of his physical condition and finally accepts going home under arrest by the american agent.
After escaping, Frank is crawling down the hallway while coughing, security catches up to him and one of the men point a gun to the back of his head. Frank rolls over and lays on the ground looking up while Carl walks over and stands over him. While Frank is looking up at Carl he proceeds to tell him, Okay Carl, lets go home.
The guards catch up to Frank as he continues to crawl down the hall. One of the guards reaches him and puts a gun to his head. Frank then falls backwards on the floor and is spread out like a starfish. The agent then walks up to him and stares at him on the floor. Frank then says Ok, let's go back home.
The French officer aims a pistol at Frank's head, and he gives up on his escape attempt, collapsing to the ground. Lying on the floor, the FBI agent (Carl), looms over him. Frank then says Okay Carl, let's go home. A speaker is then heard in the background as the scene transitions.
The officers caught him crawling on the ground. One of the officers put a gun against his head. Frank falls on the ground looking up to the detective and says Let's go home. It all happens while other inmates are cheering
Frank gets caught trying to run away because he is too sick. Appears to give up.
The guard catches Frank and puts a gun to his head. Frank submisses and lays down and says to Karl 'okay Karl lets go home'
Frank is quickly caught up with by the guards as he is crawling on his knees and hands. A guard puts a gun to his head and Frank instantly stops. He submits and lies on his back on the floor. The officer looks down at him. A voiceover begins, talking about The Rotary club began in..
Frank escapes custody and heads out down a long hallway. There are many other prisoners above him, cheering for him to escape. He is too weak though and still coughing horribly. He ends up slowing down and crawling on the floor. The FBI agent and prison officials spot him and start walking toward him. One of them places a small pistol to the back of his head. Frank falls over, sprawled out on the floor and surrenders. He looks up at his FBI agent and agrees that they should go home now.
He is now in hospital, and the FBI agent orders them to get a doctor, after they dump him on a bed surrounded by curtains.  He tells them he needs him seem so he can take him back to the US.  That he has waited too long for this.  They hear a door creak back and forth.  The prisoner has escaped.  the FBI agent smiles.  Next we see the prisoner in, walking down a long corridor, well stumbling, coughing.   A police guard puts a gun to his head.  He gives up, and says lets go home.
while escaping, Frank loses energy during his escape and the guards eventually catch him. Carl expresses his dismay to Frank. Frank admits defeat and agrees to go peacefully.
They catch Frank and pointed a gun into his head. He give up and tells the loyer let's go home
