The prisoner was lying on the floor with the FBI agent standing over him. He said lets go home to the agent. The film then moves on to an awards ceremony where someone is going to be presented with an award.
Tom comes close to the second person and the second person says '' ok, let's go home.'' After that they see us in the past the second person was on an event seating next to a lady and someone that wears the same clothes he was wearing. Propably the event was in a collage.Some older guy was giving a speetch but the second person was not giving mutch attention and was unlabeling a bottle of wine. 
We go back in time and see the second person younger in an event seating next to a lady. An older man speeking but the second person looks like he is not intresting and peel of the label of a bottle of wine.
The agent is shown standing over Frank who is lying on the prison floor.  Frank says let's go home.  The next scene is of a man giving a speech.  Frank is sitting at a table next to a woman and is seen ripping a label off of a bottle.
The Prisoner, Frank, turns on to his back, looks up at the FBI Agent and says OK Carl, let's go home. Then we hear a voice talking about a Rotary club and appear to flashback to see Frank before being arrested, sitting in some sort of club dining room, with the man making the speech. Frank rips a label from a wine bottle and smiles to himself. 
The prisoner looked at the agent and said let's go home. We got to a new scene where a politician is talking about a club and how many members it has and a new member is about to join. A man at a table is looking at a bottle of wine and he wanted to peel the label off and he tore the whole thing down.
Abignail escapes but gets caught, and tells Hanks' character OK, let's go home (to the USA). It then cuts to a scene where it appears Abignail is being inducted to an important place, with what seem to be his parents. He doesn't seem very interested and is seen ripping off the label of a wine bottle.
Frank submits to the detective stating that it is time to go home. nIn the next scene, there is a man at a lectern speaking at a rotary club. A younger Frank is seen seated at a table next to a woman in a red dress. He is holding a wine bottle. He rips the label from the bottle.
Frank had unsuccessfully gotten away and was caught by Carl (the FBI agent). The movie then moves to another scene where Frank is receiving an award (it is not sure if it is a flashback or present time).
Karl looks down on a tired and beaten Frank. Frank says Ok Karl lets go back to America. The movie then suddenly goes into the past and there is a man on stage who going to give out a prize to Honor someone, then we see a smartly dressed rather young Frank sitting in uniform with a lady and he is fiddling around with a bottled beverage.
That was weird because that young men was lying on the floor in the jail in one scene,and in another one he was sitting on the table with rich people.
Frank says to umbrella guy ok,take me home and gives up. There is a cut scene next where Frank sits at the table with some elegant people and peels of the label from the bottle of wine. There is a woman sitting on his left side. They are listening to the official looking man making a speech
Frank says to Karl he's ready to go home. We then cut to an evening party for an excursive rotary club where Frank is attending, and seems to be misbehaving. This is likely a flashback.
The sick man looks up at the umbrella man and says Let's go home.  I think he calls the Umbrella man Carl but I am not sure.  In the next scene, someone is making a speech at a podium, though it's not clear what it's about yet.  I think he is introducing someone.  We get a shot of the audience and someone rips a label off of a bottle, though I don't know if this is significant or not.
Frank is lying on the floor of the prison. He says to the man to take him home. The scene changes to a young Frank at an event where a man is giving a speech. Frank is ripping the label off a wine bottle.
After Frank escaped the medical unit, the police go after him. He does appear to be truly sick, but was still trying to crawl away and escape. Carl comes up to him, and Frank says Ok Carl, lets go home. Then he rolls over on his side. I think the next part is a flashback, at an award ceremony. Frank appears much younger and is seated at a large round table. He is not paying attention to the speaker, but is peeling a label off of a wine bottle.
Frank lay on floor and told his lawyer named Carl, lets go home. after thata scene unfolded where someone at the podium annouced that they were 57 names on the Wall of glory but now there are 58
We see Frank laying on the floor telling to Tom Hanks to bring him home. Then the scene changes and we see Frank all cleaned up wearing a uniform, sitting at the table inside a venue where a man is holding a conference. There's a woman wearing a red dress close to Frank. Frank is handling a bottle of wine and changing his label.
Frank is lying on the floor after being caught. The scene cuts and the next scene is an awards ceremony about someone being inducted into some group. There is a man on stage introducing the award. Frank is sat at one of the tables and is ripping of the table off of a bottle of wine
Frank tries to escape but is caught and gives up. He then says to the FBI agent (Karl) lets go home. We nex t see a presentation at which Frank is there and he tears off the label of a bottle of wine.
Carl and the prison wardens finds frank laying on the prison wing floor after his attempted escape from the hospital ward.  Frank briefly has a gun placed on his head by a prison warden.  The scene cut to an awards dinner showing frank sitting at the table peeling labels off wine bottles. 
Frank has been captured after attempting to escape prison and extradition, and tells Carl to take him home. It then cuts to a Rotary Club meeting in the United States where Frank is sitting at a table, dressed in a suit and ripping the label off a wine bottle, while sitting next to a woman in a red dress smoking a cigarette.
the prisoner tells the fbi agent he wants to home 
The con guy is at an awards ceremony and I think going to be getting an award.
Frank tried to escape but he was caught, he told the agent he was ready to go home.nThen there is a ceremony scene in honor of someonenI guess we would find out who in the next video 
Collapsed on the ground, Frank said to the FBI man 'okay, let's go home'.  The scene then switched to a fancy event with Frank in a suit, but he is playing with a wine bottle, which I think said Pinot Noir.  He ripped the label off of it rather messily.
The investigator stands over the prisoner and they exchange some short dialog. Then a man begins speaking in a different scene about a rotary club in a meeting. The prisoner is seen sitting at a table during the meeting, assuming before he became a prisoner. As the speaker is talking, the prisoner rips off a label on a wine bottle and we see a woman in a red dress sitting next to him and holding a lit cigarette.
As Hanratty looks down, Abagnale, still flat on his back, with his arms stretched out over his head, admits defeat. As the camera pulls back in a slow crane shot, a voice-over starts. Cut to a new scene where a speaker at a podium is giving a speech honouring somebody. The camera moves and we see a much younger Abagnale (though still played by DiCaprio) sitting a table, distractedly pulling a label from a wine bottle. The others at the table are paying attention to the speaker on the stage.
Abegnale is lying on his back in the prison stopped from his escape attempt. He says Let's go home. Then the scene totally changes to a smart man speaking in a room and Abegnale is there at a table ripping a label from a wine bottle.
the main character says lets go home, then it cuts to a past cut scene at an awards party
Frank looks to surrender as he lays on the floor and says to the FBI agent lets go home. It then flashes back to when Frank was impersonating an airline pilot, he's at an awards ceremony and may be getting an award. He is preoccupied and rips a label off a bottle of wine. He is with a women who is smoking
The prisoner is crawling in some strange attempt to escape. He is seen crawling next to the cells of other inmates who are cheering his ill thought out attempt to escape when police eventually catch up to him and hold a gun to his head; he then collapses on the floor and says to the American officer, let's go home. It then seemed to cut to a scene from the past when the prisoner is at a dining table, in a suit, in what seems to be some sort of ceremony, as he is peeling a label off a wine bottle, while sat next to a woman. 
