Frank's father tells a touching story of winning his mother and talking of her beauty in the Christmas family home.
her mother was dancing 
Frank senior is stood in front of the fire, Frank Jr is spinning his mother in a dance while she holds a glass of wine. He talks about when they met and called her a blonde bombshell and that he when speaking of her refused to leave with out her, and so he didn't hence where they are today.
The camera pans to them in their house as before, with the christmas tree and old school musci playing Frank puts up his commemorative framed certifcate on the wall, Frank Junior is dancing in the living room area with his mum, and the father proceeds to tell the story about how he met franks mother a beuatiful blond
Frank's mother continues her dance and his father stares in awe. He repeats a story of when he first saw her in France, and Frank completes his sentences as it is obvious that this story has been told many times. Frank's father recalls saying I will not leave France without her.
Frank Senior continues the story of the party for American soldiers in France and of the woman who appears on the dance floor and who will become his wife. Frank Junior has heard the story so often he finishes it for his father - I will not leave France without that woman.    
Frank sr. is telling the story about how he met his wife while in France.  He has told this story so many times that Frank Jr. is able to tell it for him.  They are decorating for Christmas while Frank Sr.'s wife dances.
The room applauds  as Frank's dad concludes his speech. next the Abagnails' are home and its Christmas as all the decorations are out and there are carols playing in the background. Frank Jnr is dancing with his mom as his father narrates the story of how he met Franks mom. It is a happy family setting
As Frank Jr. dances with his mother, Frank Sr. recounts how they met in France at the end of the war.Frank Jr. repeats part of the story that he has obviously heard many times before.Both men agree that she is beautiful.
Frank and his have family have a good time together chit-chatting.
father says  -  he is 2nd mouse   -  scene cuts to home in winter  -  Christmas scene   musib playing mother is dancing father is lighting candles tells story of how he first say his wife at a dance in France at end of war -  men had not seen a woman for months and this wonderful blonde french woman was dancing  =  Frank (jnr) says yes you have told me this before
Frank Sr continues the story of when his wife walked on stage and started to dance, while Frank Jr sits down and they both watch her dance. He says how beautiful she was and how all the men held their breath while Frank Jr echoes the compliments. They complete the story together about how Sr told his friends he wouldn't leave France without her, and he didn't. 
Paula continues dancing around but frank jr. now takes a seat on the back of the sofa. Frank sr. tells the story of how he and the mother met and, having told this story many times before, Frank jr. can recite it with him. It vaguely is about the mother being a blonde bombshell and him telling his buddies he would not leave france without her. It establishes relationships in the family.
Frank's father was telling the story of how he and his wife (franks mother) had met, during the war in France. He said he would not leave France without her.
The family are now at home. Its Christmastime. Frank junior and his Mother are dancing in the room to music while his Dad reminisces about how he met his mother. He tells a story of how all the men thought she was beautiful and he said he wouldn't leave France without her. And he didn't.
The guy who won the award is now at home with his wife and son. The wife is dancing to some music whilst the man describes when he first met his wife in France and decided then and there that he wouldnt go home without her
Frank Sr tells the story of how he met his wife - he was a soldier in France; when they liberated a village, the villagers took all of the soldiers to a social hall - Paula was the first to start dancing, and was a 'blonde bombshell'. Frank Sr remembers turning to his friends and saying 'I'm not leaving France without her'. Meanwhile Paula continues to dance, and Frank Jr joins in with parts of the story as Frank Sr is telling it, as he has clearly heard it many times before.
The son and mother had been dancing and the dad had started speaking about how they first met in France. The son stops dancing and sits down on the top of the sofa listening to his father talk whilst watching his mother who continued to dance by herself to the music. Whilst he is lighting candles, he reminisces about the story, complimenting her saying 'there she was a blonde bombshell', with the son repeating it at the mum louder in a complimentary heckle and repeating what the father says. He said every men had their breaths held, looking at his wife adoringly, his son replying 'all the men had their breaths held for you'nThe mother continues to dance listening to them both, smiling at their words. The father continues and mentions he turned to his friend and said with his son mirror his words i am not leaving France without hernBoth saying it at the same time and the dad whilst smiling at the mother, he pints the match and says and I didn't which the son then repeats back.
Frank senior is in his home with his wife and sone and his wife and son are dancing for a while then frank senior explains to his son how he met his wife in a french village and she was the only women they had seen for a long time and he vowed to only leave the village with the women which he did
the father is recalling a story about when he and his wife lived in France. The wife mother is dancing in front of a Christmas tree. He says he told his friend he would not leave France unless it was with that woman.
You didn't miss much!. Frank father was just narrating the story of how he met Frank's mum which he has heard from him so many times to the extent that as Frank's father was narrating, Frank was finishing his sentences.
Frank senior continued to tell the story of how he met his wife, with his son Frank junior interrupting throughout to pre-empt the next line of the story as he has heard it so many times before. Frank senior's wife dances throughout the story.  
Frank's father has been telling him the story of how he met his mother during WWII in France.
Frank Sr. is telling a story about how him and his buddies hadn't seen a woman in months, and then all of a sudden there's this blonde angel, and the men are amazed and holding their breathe. Frank then told his friends that he wouldn't leave France without her, and he didn't.
Frank Senior continued the story about how he met his wife.  He said that all of his buddies thought she was gorgeous.  He went on to say the he made a promise to himself that he would not leave France without her.
Frank Sr continued his story about his first time meeting the mother, said she was the first one to start dancing. As he described her beauty, Frank Jr repeated his words in a playful manner, he's obviously heard this story many times as he said. Frank Sr called her a bombshell, said every man in there was holding his breath. Frank Sr turned to his friends and said I will not leave France without her.n(and he didnt)
so Frank is dancing and just having a chat with his father
Frank Senior is telling a story about how he met his wife.
the man is describing how he met his kids mother
its christmas and frank jr is dancing with his mum
