Hanratty is talking to Abignale in his cell through a hole in the wall. He is reciting human rights law. Meanwhile Abignale is in the cell with a blanket around him coughing. He then collapses on the floor.
The police agent, Hanratty is speaking to the con man Abernathy through a hatch in the prison. Abernathy appears to be extremely unwell, coughing and spluttering. Rain is coming in through the roof and the agent opens an umbrella before reading human rights legislation back to Abernathy.
A man was imprisoned, he had cough, two other men were inside the area he was held and there was a man watching what was happening from outside.
He started reading him extradition articles and Frank kept coughing and and pathetically asked for help. He thought he was faking it and Frank just fell onto the ground.
The protagonist has begun to comment to the person inside the jail that the needs at least a year on the proposed topics.
We saw Frank shivering under a soaked blanket in his sell.  He was coughing.  Hanratty reads out the terms of the extradition notice.  Frank says 'help me' to Hanratty as he reads.
Tom Hanks is trying to explain his extradition rights as Frank coughs uncontrollably.  Frank asks for help and Tom tells him that he knows he,s faking it and continues reading the extradition rights.  Frank then falls on the floor.
~ it shows back to the institution - which is dirty, dull and has rain coming down through the ceiling - and the criminal frank is locked up. the detective police is looking at him through a letterbox, and is reading off a piece of paper (his crimes etc) but frank is clearly ill he's coughing none stop and collapses at the end, after pleading the male to help him.
The detective is sitting outside Mr Abignale's prison cell. He is appalled by the conditions that the prisoner is in. He also notices that the prisoner has a bad cold. He starts to read the prisoner his rights before the prisoner collapses onto the floor.
Hanratty is sitting on a stool with his umbrella up indoors as the prisons is in a very bad wat and water is leaking through the roof. He is outside of the sell Abignale is currently being held in and he is speaking to him through a grate. Abignale is coughing and is in a very bad way. Hanratty proceeds to read an extradition treaty to Abignale all the while Abignale is coughing loudly and wheezing. Abignale the proceeds to ask Hanratty to help him. Hanratty reacts in a mocking manner saying that he surely doesn't expect to fall for what he thinks in another con. Hanratty then continues to read aloud the extradition treaty at which point Abignale collapses on to the floor.
Hanratty is reading off what the guy is being charged with. The guy askes for help. Hanratty continues and then the guy keels over
The FBI agent starts to read a document to the prisoner, and he pleads for help.  At the end of the scene, he falls over as if he is fainting passed out.
Abignail was in a French prison and seemed very ill. The FBI agent was brought in to speak with him and began reading the articles of extradition and Abignail began coughing and collapsed toward the cell door out of sight.
The detective is reading the rights of extradition and seems to be conflicted as to whether or not the prisoner was faking a medical condition to con him. The prisoner then collapsed 
Hanratty explains the articles of extradition to Abagnale. Abagnale is coughing up a fit. Hanratty believes Abagnale is faking his condition and continues reading off documents.
The FBI agent reads the main character (frank?) some legal papers and Frank continues coughing and starts to whisper help me but the FBI agent doesn't think he is being serious and thinks he is only saying that to try adn get out of jail. THe FBI agent carries on reading the papers but then Frank suddenly falls over on to the floor. 
A man is reading out the rights to the man in prison. The man behind the door in the prison room is coughing a lot and falls down. 
Tom Hanks is reading some charges   information to Leonardo Di Carprios character, who is the prisoner. Leonardo seems unwell and is coughing a lot. He has just collasped on the floor.
The FBI agent begins reading a document to the prisoner. The prisoner asks the agent to help him, to which the agent says he can't be fooled so easily. The agent continues reading and the prisoner falls over.
The FBI agent is sitting on a stool in front of the jail cell of Frank Abignail. He has his umbrella up as there is a leak from the ceiling. He is speaking to Mr Abignail through a small slot in the door. We can see Mr Abignail through the hole, looking wretched and dirty, wrapped in a blanket. He has a heavy, chesty cough. As the agent reads Mr Abignail the terms of the (presumably - I didn't quite hear it) France-USA extradition treaty, Mr Abignail wretchedly whispers help me, but the agent is unmoved. 
While the agent was reading some kind of contract frank the prisoner passes out inside the prison
The FBI agent continues to read whilst Frank coughs and asks for help. The agent says there's 16 pages left to go, and then Frank seems to pass out.
The man reads the rights to the con man who is in the damp cell. The con man is coughing and looks through the peep hole. He coughs and falls over.
We find out that the person in prison is Frank. The head of the FBI read out Frank's rights as Frank begs for help. The FBI agent doesn't seem to believe Frank, until finally Frank passes out.
The inspector starts reading the prisoner his rights and charges. The prisoner appears to be very sick, coughing a lot. The inspector keeps reading rights saying he does not believe he is ill. The inspector continues as the prisoner falls off of his bed onto the floor.
The FBI guy goes to the prison and talks with a guy. He find the guy in a very bad condition. He was sick and cold. Rain was pouring in his cell and he asks for help
The FBI agent was sitting on a stool holding an umbrella in the prison.  There were leaks in the roof and the prison was in deplorable condition.  Frank Abignal was in the cell, wrapped in a raggedy blanket, looking terrible and was coughing his brains out.  The FBI agent was reading 16+ pages of a document when Frank passed out and fell off the stool.  Up until then the agent told Frank that he could not be fooled by Frank's fake illness.
the detective kept on reading the rights to frank, but frank kept coughing and the detective said he cant fool him, shortly after frank fainted
Tom Hanks character is looking through and iron door that has cage wire and reading Agignails his charges.  Abignail is coughing a really deep raspy cough and asks for help.  Tome hanks character is not falling for and has a cold himself. He continues to read him his charges when Abignail continues to cough and slumps down and falls over. 
Carl is speaking to Frank within his jail cell. The cell does not look too hygenic. Frank is seriously ill violently coughing. Frank is begging for someone to help him. Carl does not believe him and Frank then collapses in his cell.
