The father took Frank junior to a clothes store to borrow a black suit. The shop was shut as it was too early but the father tried to reason with the shop assistant behind the bars to allow them to come in so his son could borrow a suit.
The second person and his father was outside the store and told a lie so the person who had the store opens the store a half hour earlier for his kid to have a suit.
Frank and his son are outside a store banging on the window.  The woman tells them that they don't open for a half hour.  Frank says his son needs a black suit for a military funeral that day.  His 85 year old father has died.  
Frank and his Dad are at the door to a suit shop that is closed, a woman with blonde hair tells them they are closed and his Dad starts telling some elaborate story about how his Father of 85 years has died and there is a huge military funeral in the afternoon and that his son needs a black suit to attend. 
Frank and his son went to a place to get a suit for him. The woman who works there rushed to the door and said they won't open until another 30 minutes. Frank asked her name and explained that they need a black suit for the son for today for a military funeral.
Abignail urges the store employee to open up the shop early for him and his son, saying his grandfather died and there's gonna be a military  21 guns, planes flying overhead etc, and his son needs a black suit to rent for this afternoon.
The lady in the store opens the door and finds Frank with his father. His dad asks her to open up the store. She tells him that it's not open for another 30 minutes. His dad pleads. He lies saying that his war veteran father had passed away and Frank urgently needs a black suit for the funeral. The lady seems reluctant. His father extends the lie describing his past father's funeral to be special and elaborate with planes and processions. He emphasises that Frank needs to borrow a black suit to attend the funeral.
Frank Sr and Jr are outside a store, and are approached by the store worker Darcy. Darcy explains that the store will not be open for another 30 minutes. Frank Sr explains that Frank Jr needs a suit as there will be a funeral taking place for his father who was 85 years old and a war hero.
Frank Sr and Jr are outside a suit shop which is closed. Sr starts banging on the locked gate and get the attention of the store keeper. She comes running to the door and says sorry we aren't open yet. Sr starts giving the lady a sob story that his son needs a black suit for a military funeral in order to get her to open up.
Men and his son wanted to buy a black suit because the boy doesnt' t have one and he needs it for the funeral.Women told them that its closed but men started to supersede her to open the store.
The lady we saw opens the door, there are Frank Senior and Junior there. She says they are not open yet for another half an hour. Frank Senior says that he really needs to borrow a black suit for his son for a military funeral this afternoon
Frank Senior starts cobbling this story about his father passing away and Frank Jr needs a black suit for the funeral in the afternoon. This is likely Frank Jr's first introduction into conning people.
The dad and the song (Frank) are attempting to get into a shop, but a woman tells them they aren't open for another half an hour.  The dad explains there was a sudden death in the family, I believe the son's grandpa, and they need a suit because there is going to be a pretty big funeral service for him happening shortly.
Frank and his dad are outside a shop. The shop is closed but they are still trying to get in. The shop clerk explains they dont open for another half hour. Franks dad explains why they need to get a suit urgently. That there has been a death in the family and needs a suit for the funeral.
Frank Sr. comes into Frank Jr's bedroom to wake him up. He brings a breakfast plate with him, to try to get Frank Jr. to hurry up. He tells Frank Jr. he doesn't have to go to school today. And Frank Jr asks if it is snowing. He asks if his son has a black suit and tells him to get going. Next they are at a department store that hasn't opened yet, and won't for another half hour. Frank Sr. tries to charm the clerk, Darcy, into letting them in early to borrow a black suit. He says it is for  his son to attend his grandfather's funeral that afternoon.  His tells Darcy that his father was an eighty five year old military veteran, and that there will be a full military funeral with a twenty one gun salute.
Dorsey, the lady probably owner of a store, didn't want to open the door for Frank and Carl. Carl was telling her about Frank's merits because he wanted to borrow a suit for him.
Frank senior and junior go knock to the door of a closed clothing store, a blonde woman named Darcy answers and tells them they're closed. Frank senior beg Darcy to open the store because Frank junior needs a black suit to attend a military funeral that same afternoon.
The woman shopkeeper gets to the door and says they dont open for another half hour, Frank Sr and Jr are stood behind the gated door. Frank Sr is saying it is urgent and his son needs a black suit because of his gtandfather's funeral
Franks father gets Frank up and says he does not need to go to scool that day and does Frank have a black suit. Franks father has got an important meeting in the city and the next think we see is Franks father and Frank at a department store that is not yet open and Franks father spins a lie about needin a black suit urgently for a funeral
The lady inside the store which tailors suits for men hears loud banging on the front shutter from which Frank senior and Frank junior are outside, the lady tells the, they arent open.  Frank senior continues to plead with the store lady, telling her that his 85 year old war hero father has died and Frank junior needs a black suit to attend his funeral where therell be fighter jets and gun salutes.  
Frank Sr and Frank Jr are outside of a clothing store selling suits, trying to get in. An employee of the store tells them it doesn't open for another half an hour. Frank Sr says that his vetern father died and that Frank Jr needs a suit for the funeral, which is going to be a decorated military event.
the son and father go to a suit shop but it is closed. they try and get in with a sob story 
The father and the young con guy are at a shop before the shop is even opened. He tells the shop owner that he needs a black suit for his son right away because they have a very important funeral to attend for a relative war hero. He obviously embellishes the story so the store shop will comply.
Frank and his dad went to a store to get a suit but ut was not yet openednThe lady attending to the place said theyd have to wait
The woman works at a clothing store with a number of suits and she goes to tell Frank Sr and Jr that they are closed.  Through the gate, Frank Sr tells her that they have an emergency and need an all-black suit as there has been a sudden death in the family of the grandfather, and since he's in the military it's very formal and there will be a 21 gun salute, and they just need to borrow a suit for one hour.  Frank Jr is silent, and it seems like he doesn't want to be there, and it seems like this might be a scam of some kind.
Both Franks are standing outside of the shuttered door to the suit shop as shopkeeper Dorsey opens the glass door to talk with them. Frank Sr. states that his son needs a suit and there's a funeral for a war veteran. He says planes will fly overhead and there will be a 21 gun salute. He also mentions his son needs a black suit.
The woman opens the door and tells them the store doesn't open for another half an hour. There is about 10 feet and a metal grating between her and the two Abganales, Franks Junior and Senior. Frank Senior implore her that it's an emergency, that young Frank needs a suit, there has been a death in the family, suddenly, Frank Senior's father, a war hero, 85 years old, the funeral today, this very afternoon, a massive military spectacle, and the boy needs a suit, to borrow that is, just for a few hours.
A shopkeeper says the store isn't open for another half hour. Frank Senior asks the shopkeeper's name. She replies Darcey. Frank Senior says he needs a black suit for his son as his war hero 85 year old father has just died with the funeral today. There will be a 21 gun salute. They need to borrow the suit for 24 hours.
they go to a shop and try to borrow a suit 
Frank senior and junior go to the store to buy a black suit. The store is shut, they knock on the door and the shop assistant tells them they do not open for half an hour. Frank senior asks her her name and says he likes it, he says they need a suit as there has been a death in the family. an important person who served for the military.
The blonde lady running (Darcy) opens the door to the father and son and explains hastily that they do not open for another half an hour. The father proceeds to make up a story about his 85 year old father passing away, and that they need a black suit for the son today, quickly, as there is going to be a gun salute with planes flying over at the funeral, as his father was a war veteran, when in reality they need it for some sort of business meeting. 
