Frank collapses in the prison cell. The agent kicks the chair and shouts to the guards to call a doctor. Then, the scene proceeds to guards and the agent escorting a fainted Frank into a medical ward.
The FBI agent has been trying to read Frank his rights, but Frank is too sick to concentrate. The FBI agent is concerned and demands a Doctor, enabling Frank to be released from his cell.
Tom Hanks keeps reading his rights while the main character (Leo DiCaprio) keeps on couching really bad. After a couple of seconds of it, he passes out. Tom Hansk tries to wake him up though the door but nothing happens, he kicks the stool and screm to the guard to open the door and get a doctor. The next scene a couple of guards are holding Leo while Tom follows them to a hospital bed.
The FBI agent continues to talk to frank through the door of the prison cell. As the FBI agent is reading the offences, Frank collapses to the floor. The FBI agent calls out to the police officers to call for a doctor. The doctor arrives and carts Frank out on a stretcher with the FBI agent close by.
Hanratty continues to read Article 2 of the Articles of Extradition through the grating in thr open flap of the cell door. Abignale slumps on the floor. Hanratty initially believes that Abignale is feigning illness but quickly changed his mins and shouts the guard that a doctor is required. A number of guards accompanied by Hanratty are then seen to bundle Abignale towards a curtained off horspital bay.
Tom Hanks is speaking to de capico though the hole in the cell. De Capico is coughing lots, looks to be very sick. Hanks is reading something to him, he then collasps on the floor. Hanks screams for a doctor, they then carry him out of the cell
While the detective was explaining extradition laws the prisoner collapse on the floor. The detective then call out to him, when he doesn't get a response he calls out to the guard in panic knocking his chair in the process. The guard walks towards him and the detective tells him doctor. The prisoner is escorted out his cell, down the corridor and into the prison hospital.
Frank fell over while Tom Hanks was telling him about extradition. Tom Hanks told the people that Frank needs a doctor and they started taking him to see the doctor.
Whilst the officer is reading Frank his rights, he passes out. Then the officer demands he is taken to a doctor. Frank is then seen being taken to a medical room surrounded by guards with the American officer following behind him telling him he will be alright.
Whilst Carl was reading Frank the acts of deportation, Frank collapsed in his cell with coughing. Karl stood up knocking over the stool and shouted at the french police to Get a Doctor Get a Doctor Now  The French then are seen carrying Frank out to a hospital type cubicle.
The FBI agent starts to read a legal document to Abignail really fast through the slot.  Abignail is coughing badly, seemingly weak from illness.  He whispers help me several times before collapsing.  The FBI agent then demands a doctor, kicking over the stool and shouting.  The guards carry his out, while the FBI agent assures him they are taking him right to a doctor.
the FBI agent started reading the con man his rights and the con man seemingly succumbed to his illness. The FBI agent called for a doctor and the con man was escorted to a medical ward. 
Tom Hanks started reading him some legal thing through the (not food tray) slot, and Leonardo DiCaprio's character (Abernathy, I guess) kept acting sick. Tom Hanks didn't believe him until Abernathy collapsed hard. Tom Hanks suddenly got up and started calling for the guards to get him to a doctor. They just arrived at a hospital or clinic, carrying Abernathy.
the FBI agent begins to tell Frank what is going to happen. all the time Frank is coughing. soon Frank falls to the ground. and the FBI agent calls out for a door to be called. we then see Frank being dragged to what is possibly the infirmary
Hanratty continues reading Abagnale his rights re the proposed extradition. Abagnale appears very ill and collapses onto the floor. Hanratty calls for a doctor to the French guards. The we are shown Abagnale being carried by the French guards into a hospital ward. Hanratty follows behind reassuring him.
As the FBI agent is reading his rights, the criminal played by Leonardo Dicaprio falls over from sickness. The FBI agent demands that they take him to a doctor and heal him up. There is a quick cut to the prison guards leading the criminal toward a doctor in a new building with the FBI agent just behind them. 
We are looking at Hanraddy from a view within the cell looking out through a small metal meshed box hole. Hanraddy proceeds to read to Frank Abignail, article 2 from the European Court of Human Rights. It appears perfunctory because Hanraddy reads it so fast as to be mostly unintelligible. Frank is still coughing uncontrollably and at this point he collapses and falls to the floor. This enrages Hanraddy and the camera is now back in the prison corridor to witness Hanraddy, in a fit of pique, standing up and kicking away the small stool with some force. He starts to scream at the prison officials to get a doctor. The next scene we are witnessing prison officials carrying Abignail into what appears to be a hospital setting. 
frank was very sick while he was being questioned by the fbi and passed out and is now being takin to see a doctor
frank the conman is physically unwell and exhausted living in a cold and dark prison cell, he collapses and the guards alongside the american agent open the cell and transport him to the prison hospital to visit a doctor.
Frank passes out in his cell as carl is talking to him about his rights. Carl proceeds to shout at frank, freaking out realizing he has passed out. He kicks the chair over and yells requesting for a doctor. Two men rush over. 
The agent continues to read him some legal documents. Then suddenly Frank falls over in his cell. The FBI agent calls out his name and there is no response. The FBI agent then starts calling for the guard and kicks the stool over. The camera then changes to a different scene where officers are carrying his limp body down the hallway. As they arrive, the officer tells Frank that he is going to be ok.
The FBI Agent continues to read out the statutes from the European Court of Human Rights regarding extraditions, but Frank then collapses, appearing to fall unconscious. The agent is shocked by this, and after a few moments, yells that Frank needs a doctor. The scene cuts to Frank being dragged to a ward with beds and presumably medical equipment, and being reassurred that they will find him a doctor.
The detective kept reading Frank his rights. While Frank fell unconcious on the floor of the cell. Detective screamed at the police officer while kicking a stool to bring him a doctor. Then was a skip and we seee frank being dragged by four officers to something that looks like temporary hospital.
The con man frank ends up passing out after the investigator did not believe that he was as sick as he was acting. Once he passed out, the investigator yelled for help and got Frank to a doctor
Whilst the detective is reading law info to Frank, he collapses. The detective kicks away the chair and shouts for the guards to get a dr. They carry Frank out to the medical ward
The officer continues to reel off the legal stuff. Frank keels over and out of sight. The officer becomes alarmed when Frank doesn't respond. The officer stands up and starts yelling for the guards to get a doctor. We then see several guards carrying Frank and telling him they're going to get him to a doctor.
Frank is coughing badly in his cell when the U.S. agent is reading something to him. The agent does not believe Frank's despair until he fully collapses over. The agent gets up, begins screaming at the guard, and demanding help for Frank. The officials immediately get Frank out and on the way to help.
The prisoner is coughing like he is sick.  The FBI agent does not believe him.  He keeps coughing and then blacks out and falls over.  The agent yells for a doctor, and they take him into a hospital
Carl is talking to Frank about his extradition agreement and the rules pertaining to extradition. Frank's health condition worsens in front of Carl. Frank keels over coughing and appears to lose consciousness. Frank is escorted out of the prison cell with guard officials and Carl to a health wing of the prison.
The man starts to read the rights to the man in jail, Frank, and Frank asks for help. He continues to tell him his rights and he passes out. By this time the man who was telling Frank his rights, stands up and starts yelling for a doctor.
