as detective carl looks through the hatch into the cell he sees the imposter, looking dirty and ill, he is coughing furiously, wrapped in a dirty blanket with holes in. detective carl goes to sit on the stool but a drip from the leaking ceiling is hitting the stool, he opens his umbrella as he takes a seat and tells the imposter he has a cold too. 
Carl is in some type of prison facility. He looks up and see there is water coming through the ceiling. Carl opens up his umbrella and sits down on a small stool that is next to a jail cell. He looks in a small opening to see a prisoner wrapped in a blanket , and coughing consistently. Carl starts to have a small conversation with the prisoner to break the ice with him.
French officials let Carl Hanratty of the FBI to go into the jail and see and talk with Mr. Abignail. Hanratty is instructed not to pass anything to him through the hole and is to sit on the chair provided. When Hanratty sits down... water from above is leaking in on him. He uses an umbrella to stay dry indoors. When he looks through the hole, he sees Abignail and Abignail is cold, wrappped in a dirty blanket and has a bad cough and appears to be sick.
Carl Hanreddy is taken to speak with Frank Abignail in prison in France. Frank is in a cell and in very poro health, clearly sick and coughing. Carl greets him by saying that he has a little bit of a cold himself.
Tom Hanks is put into some sort of a prison cell under guard. He hears a man coughing badly and looks through a small window to see a younger man with long hair covering his face coughing and leaning against the wall in the next cell. The younger man looks very ill. Tom Hanks says to  'I've got a bit of a cold myself'
The  FBI Agent looks at the cell and then looks into the cell hole. He sees a man  coughing non stop. He stands up and pulls out an umbrella because of the rain dripping into the prison. He sits back down and tells the young man that he has a cold himself.
The detective looked through the small window to see a violently coughing man behind the wall. He then proceeded to open an umbrella to sit right under the leak from the ceiling.
The fake pilot was held in a prison in France and there was an American police officer or lawyer who came to visit the pilot in jail. The American police officer or lawyer was trying to explain in English that he was there to see the fake pilot and the prison warder of France opened the door and took the American police officer or lawyer to the fake pilot who was held in a cell. The prison warder put a seat in front of the prison cell, opened a small compartment of the cell door, and instructed the American police officer or lawyer not to pass anything to the prisoner who was the fake pilot through that small opening. The American police officer or lawyer peeped through the small opening and saw the prisoner or fake pilot he was dirty, covering himself with a dirty blanket and he was coughing a lot. Then the American police officer or lawyer sat down and started speaking to the prisoner that he also had flu.
Carl sits down on the stool and looks into the door window that has a fence on it to see the prisoner coughing while wrapped in a berserk blanket. Carl says Jesus and stands back up. There is dripping from the ceiling and he opens his umbrella and you can still hear the coughing. He sits back in and looks at the prisoner and says he has a bit of a cold himself. 
carl look through the small gap in the door and sees a young man wrapped in a dirty blanket coughing in the corner, he then notices himself getting dripped on by water so stands up and puts up his unbrella 
The police detective Carl Handready is visiting the fraudster in prison. The prison is dark and damp. Handready looks through the hatch to see Abigail in his cell. Abigail has a nasty cold and is huddled in the corner of his cell. Handready tells Abigail he had the same cold.
a man is visiting a prisoner who appears to be in solitary confinement 
Carl proceeds to see Abagnale coughing and retching through the hole. Carl notices rainwater dripping so Carl opens up his umbrella and says he has gotten a little of a cold himself
The person escorted in looks through the peephole, inside there's a coughing young man. He looks around him, rain coming down from the ceiling, and opens up his umbrella again. When he hears the young man cough even worse, he tells him I have a bit of a cold myself as he looks like he's retrieving something from his pocket.
The police officer goes towards his colleague and says something in a foreign language and then he lives. The FBI looks through the small window and sees Franklin number two, he has a blanking over his body and is moving and coughing. After sometime the FBI says something to him(I forgot what he said)
The man in the cell was coughing and sounding very sick. The man visiting opened him umbrella and said he's also feeling sick.
An agent asked to see the prisoner and he was shown nThe prisoner was cold and coughing nthe agent looked at him and said he also have a little cold 
Tom Hanks' character peeks through the hole in the wall and sees the other character kept prisoner in the room, coughing and appearing very sick. Tom's character then opens his umbrella to due a leak in the roof, takes a seat and says You know I've had a cold too, and seems to be reaching for something. 
The FBI agent is sat infront of the prison cell to the main character of the story. As the fbi agents peeks inside the cell, the main character begins to cought violently. The agent says I've got a bit of a cold myself to the guy in the cell
The detective (Carl Hamrady) looks through metal grates at the offender and see's that he looks unwell and sick. The detective opens his umbrella to shelf himself from the leaky ceiling and we see the offender again coughing. Carl says 'you know I have a bit of a cold myself'
The detective sits down on a small stool looking into the small grate where the prisoner is located, he stares in and the prisoner is coughing and appears to be in an unfit condition. He is wrapped in a thick blanket, but still looks unfit. The detective states that he too has a bit of a cold.
Frank is now imprisoned. He is coughing very violently, apparently with a cold. Hanratty interacts with him while another guy is holding an umbrella, presumably to go out into the rain.
a french man speaks to another man in french and you see carl look through a vent in a wall. behind the vent is a man wrapped in a blanket coughing.carl then stands up, looks at the ceiling then opens his umbrella and sits und a chair underneath it. he then says to the man in the cell that he has a cold himself
Hanrady visits the prison where Abignail is being held.  A guard shows him to outside his cell. The prison is dirty and bare and the rain is leaking in the roof. Hanrady loosk through a grill in the prison cell door and sees Abignail in the corner wrapped in a dirty blanket. he is coughing and is obviously poorly. Hanrady looks up at the leaking roof and stands up from his stool to put up an umbrella. He then tells Abignail that he also has a bit of a cold.
the police officer is told by a guard to not pass anything to the prisoner he is there to see, or open the door, the prisoner is clearly in a bad way coughing and wrapped in a blanket ina cold dingy cell.
the agent that caught him went to see the corn man in jail in France at Christmas eve WENT TO see him in jail
The prisoner the officer has went to visit is coughing in the cell. He seems to be very sick and the officer says you know i have a little bit of a cold myself. 
The FBI agent enters the main room where there is an area that he can look through and see the prisoner. He's coughing and clearly not very well, and the conditions are awful. The agent puts up his umbrella as the roof isn't sealed, he then speaks to the prisoner.
Charles looks through the hole to see a dishevelled Frank coughing with a blanket. He exclaims Ah jeez then sits on the stool bringing it closer. He then talks to Frank saying You know I got a bit of a cold myself
Tom hanks peeks through a slit in the cell door to see a cloaked figure crouching in the corner coughing. He then looks up and notices that there is water dripping on him, due to rain presumably leaking through the roof, and opens his umbrella before sitting down. Now he's about to question the cloaked figure. 
