Frank snr is telling frank jr about how when he first saw his mother, he said he would not be leaving france without her, franks mother is smiling and dancing and accidently spills some red wine on the cream carpet, she sends frank jr off to get a towel while she accepts the offer of a dance with snr
Frank's mom is dancing in the living room. Franks sr. is by the fireplace telling a story about France. Frank is sitting against the couch watching his mom dancing. Mom spills wine on the carpet. She drops to her knees and tries to clean the spill. She asks Frank to go get a towel. Frank jogs over to the kitchen. Frank sr. begins to dance with his wife.
Frank Sr. tells a story of how he met his wife in France at the end of WWII. It was a story he told many times...Frank Jr. knew it well and would interject talking points as his mother danced. Sr. was determined not to leave France without her. And he didn't. As she was dancing by herself... she spilled wine on the rug. Then Sr. began to dance with her as Jr. went to get something to clean up the mess.
At home, Frank Sr is telling the story of how he met his wife in France while she dances. She spills some wine and Frank Jr runs to get a towel, then she and Frank Sr start dancing together in their living room. 
Frank senior is finishing off the story of how he met Frank junior's mother whilst she dances next to a Christmas tree in their house. She then suddenly spills red wine on their cream rug and Frank jnr rushes off to get a towel. Frank snr takes her hand and says dance with me
Frank is lighting a candle while talking to Frank jr. He turns and looks at his wife in  which he's gazed at while she is dancing. While dancing she ends up spilling the wine on the carpet and tells Frank jr to go to the kitchen and get a towel. Frank tries to get his wife to dance with him.
While dancing, the mom accidentally spilled her glass of wine on the carpet and made Frank Jr. fetch a towel. Frank Sr. grabbed her for a dance.
Frank's father was telling the story of how he took his mother to America with him. Frank's mother was dancing on a white carpet wearing her hills, holding a glass of red wine, and then spilled the wine on the carpet while Frank Junior was sitting on the edge of the couch. his mother stopped dancing and started to worry about the carpet and told Frank her son to fetch a towel. Then the father said to the mother dance with me and the parents danced together to a slow song on the white carpet as the son fetched the towel from the kitchen. 
His wife is a bit drunk and is dancing around while holding a glass of red wine. Frank then talks about this quote and his son repeats it. His wife spills some wine on the white rug and kneels down. She tells her son to go get some towels and he runs down the hallway and into the room that is straight ahead. Frank grabs her glass and sets it aside and starts to gently dance with her.
the mum continues to dance by the tree as the dad tell the story, she then spills her drink and the son runs to get a cloth the mum and dad then starts to dance 
Recounting the story of when he met Frank Jrs mother, Frank Sr remembers he told her I will not leave France without you. As Frank Jr. dances with his mother in their living room, she spills the wine she's holding. Frank Jr runs off to get a cloth to clean it. Frank Sr and his wife start to dance together over the spilt wine.
Frank's wife was dancing and spilled some red wine on the carpet and Frank junior has gone to get something to clean it up
Senior says that he told his buddies that he will not leave France without Paula, which was quoted by Junior. Then Paula spills her wine on the carpet, Junior goes to get a towel after his mom asks him to. Senior and Paula start dancing now.
The dad Frank continues the story and ends saying I told my friends, and Frank jr continues I wouldn't leave France without her. As they reminisce, the woman trips and some of her drink spills. She tells Frank jr to fetch a towel, while the older Frank comes close to have a dance. Meanwhile Frank jr is rushing to get a towel.
Franks wife is dancing alone with the wine glass in her hand. Frank is finishing his story and Frank Junior finishes his sentence by saying I said I will not leave France without her. Franks mother spills wine on the carpet then his husband moves closer to help her. She then ask Frank to bring a cloth and Frank goes out of the lounge running to go fetch the cloth
Frank Sr. said that in the past he said he would not leave France without the mom and he didn't. The mom spills some wine on the rug while dancing and tells Frank Jr. to go grab a towel. When Frank Jr. leaves the room Frank Sr. starts dancing with the mom.
The family (Frank and his mom and dad) are back home having some family timenHis dad was telling him the story of how he met his mothernthen his mom spills some wine on the carpet and Frank junior is asked to get a towel while his mom and dad started dancing 
Frank Jr and his mother have been dancing and Frank Jr then sits on the back of the couch, listening to his father talk about France. His mother continues dancing alone, with her wine glass. Frank Jr's mother stumbles a bit and spills some of her red wine on the light-colored rug. She seems very disappointed and upset about her spill, and orders Frank to get a towel. Frank Sr. seems unbothered by the spill and asks his wife to dance with him. 
As the father is explaining how he met the main characters mother, the mother is still slowly dancing and spills her wine on the carpet. The mother sends the main character to go get a towel to clean up the mess. After he left the room the father asked the mother for a dance.
Frank Senior continues telling the story of how he met his wife. She spills some of her drink onto the carpet and is annoyed, the father and son begin to help her clean it. She instructs Frank jr to go and get a towel, and we see him running towards the bathroom. While he is in there Frank senior continues dancing with his wife
The father tells a story of how he met the mother in France, and he told her I won't leave France without you and states that it was true, he did not. The mother continues to dance, and she sways too hard and spills her wine on the carpet. She is quite upset, but the father tells her not to worry, and asks the son to go and grab a towel. He runs to the kitchen to grab a towel, whilst the father asks the mother to dance with him and they start to sway together.
Frank is with his parents, and they are telling the story of how they met. As the mother is dancing, she spills a drink on the carpet and becomes anxious. She is reassured by her husband who has now grabbed her to dance, all while Frank runs off to get a cleaning product.
the mother continues to dance and frank jr finishes the rest of frank sr's story as hes heard it so many times. the mother continues to dance then spills some of her red wine on the rug. the all jump to help, frank jr runs to get a towel. the mother and father thrn dance a little
Franks mother was dancing on the white rug whilst his father lit candles on the fireplace. His mother accidentally split some of her red wine onto the light coloured rug. She asked Frank to run and get a towel, which he did. we see him running through to the kitchen. Meanwhile his Dad tells her to dance with him and they dance on the rug over the stain, realising that it is not important.
as he continues to tell  the story his wife spills some red wine on the carpet while dancing, franky her son runs off to get a towel
Franks wife Paula likes to smoke and drink a lot and dances very well too, the 3 of them were just having fun and Paula spiled the wine in the rug 
Frankies mom spills wine on the carpet. While Frankie goes to get a towel his mom and dad dance on the carpet. 
Frank Jr's mother spills red wine on the carpet, so he runs to the kitchen to get something to clean it up with. His father doesn't seem too bothered and starts to dance with her. 
The mom continues dancing and the dad says he turned to his buddies. The son ends his sentence and says the dad would not leave without her. The dad confirms it and says he would not leave France without her. The mom then spills her drink on the rug and exclaims she is sorry. Everyone else says it's alright and the son takes the drink from her mum's hands. The mum asks the son to grab a towel and the son obliges as the Dad then holds the Mum's hands and they start dancing
Christopher walken is regaling his son and wife a tale of how they first met, saying that when he first saw her he said he would not leave France without her. At this point the wife spills a bit of wine that she was holding in a glass onto white carpet like a goddamn fool and that will leave a stain. Christopher walken apparently is completely out of his mind when he says that this is fine, and asks her to dance with him instead of immediately cleaning the carpet to try to get the stain out. And Leo is asked by wife mother to get a towel, and he runs off to do so. 
