Three men appear on a game show, each claiming to be Frank Abignale, all dressed in pilot uniforms. We are told the real Frank was a fraud, prefending to work in various high profile jobs. They are then asked questions from the first panellist. It appears they must tell the truth in the game show. But we are yet to find out which one of the three is the real Frank.
the 3 persons took their seat and one of them was asked a question
The three gentlemen as pilots stood in line and the presenter read off facts. He advised that this was a con man who also led a life as other professions. The camera panned across all three of them whilst the facts had been relayed. The 3 pilots then turned right and went to sit behind 3 desks number 1 2 and 3. The panel asked the first pilot, why they chose this as a profession rather than a real job. He replied it is all about dollars and cents.
The three men that came into the studio with the same namesake, stood up while the presenter of the game show proceeded to real of some statements that may or may not be true about one of these men, all the men when to seat behind their respective podiums in the gameshow contestant area and contestant one was quizzed by a lady about what the presenter had described as to try to start to ascertain if he was the person telling the truth or a fake as per the gameshow hosts description.
The host continues describing the con game that the contestant had completed. The three contestants then approach and sit at their own podium. The questions begin. The lady asks why the young man had not considered a legitimate profession, as he is obviously talented. The first contestant begins to answer. 
The host of the show tells the audience that this is the first time that Frank Abagnale will have to tell the truth and then hands over to a panellist who asks the first of the potential Frank Abagnales why with all his undoubted talent did he not just opt for an honest job. Dollars and cents is the reply 
The first contestant has started the game.  She asked the first Frank why he chose to pursue a life of crime, when he was obviously talented and smart enough to work a legitimate job.
There are three gentlemen who all claim to the famous Frank William Abignail. Frank was a con artist who impersonated people and all this befor he turned 19. th
the panel will now start to question the three men. the first panelist wants to know why the man chose a life of deception. she asks the first man this question.
It was time for questioning the first contestant is being questioned why he didn't go in for a genere job.
the 3 people - each called frank William abignail   sit down to be questioned by the panel.  The first question is why with all your talent did you do this  - the first one starts to answer -  its was a question of money
The host states all this happened before the person turned 19. All the contestants go to sit down and are questioned by a lady on the panel, who starts by questioning the first contender. She asks why didn't he just go into a traditional profession? The contestant starts talking about a need they had for money. 
The three potential Frank Abagnail Jr. characters head over to their gameshow style seats and are numbered 1, 2 and 3. The gameshow host opens up questions from the gameshow players and a lady asks a question to potential person #1
The description of what Frank Abignale did finished and all 3 men sat down. They were beginning to be questioned, with a question for the first one about why he did this, and not something more legal with his obvious talents.
The three possible fraudsters leave the stage and walk to a desk with seats numbered 1, 2, & 3. The host says were going to question the men. A lady called Kitty asks number 1, why if he's so educated did he feel the need to do this. He answers for the dollars and cents.
The 3 contestants went and sat down each one of them behind a separate counter. A lady then started to ask the first contenstant a question 
We find out that the events described by the host happened before the person turned 20. The three contestants sit at their podia and the host asks a woman called Kitty to ask the first question. She asks contestant number 1 that considering how smart Frank is, why did he not go into a legitimate business rather than being a conman. Contestant 1 replies It's really a matter of dollars and cents, implying that he chose to do what he did as he made more money doing so.
The three men who are all claiming to be frank have walked over to their seats on set to the right ready to be questioned by the contestants. nThe presenter asked the woman to ask her question first. The older woman, who appears in a floral pink dress then asked why he didn't think to get a legitimized job and he then continues on to say its either not about the money or it was about the money 
The 3 men had to be spoken to by the panel on the game show and tell the truth as to why they carried out the fraudelent things. A woman on the panel asks one of the men why he did not use his intelligence to get a proper job
The three men are on a gameshow, two of them are imposters and one is being spoken about. They head to an area with buzzers to answer questions. The first man (who is not the real man) is asked a question by a woman about why if he was so smart did he not just use that intelligence to get a real job. He responds it is all about dollars and cents.
The three men that was introduced went to have their seat and the interviewe asked one of them, 'why did you choose to do this rather than look for a job?'.
The host finished introducing the guests and they then took their seats.  A lady on the panel asked why they didn't go into a genuine profession and the first guest starts to answer this by saying that it was a case of dollars and cents.  
The three men have taken their seats after the host finished their introduction, ready to be asked questions, with the first one being about the reason why they have decided to be conmen despite their brightness and general ability.
The three contestants walked over and sat down behind 3 podiums. The announcer referenced Frank having to finally have to tell the truth. Then an older lady asked why (Frank) didn't apply for a legitimate profession
It stated that the individual concerned did all that you heard earlier by his 19th birthday.  A woman then began questioning the first of the three possible people.  She asked him why he did it and he said mainly for dollars.
The host finished his description of Frank's escapades, mentioning that he did all of this before he turned 19. The 3 men went and sat down at a table numbered 1-3, and the first contestant, Kitty, asked her first question to mystery man #1 Why, with all your talents, didn't you consider a legitimate job?
so there are three guys in a show, they all say to be the same person, the host started reading all the things the guy they claim they are did, so one  woman started asking a question 
The three characters just sat down and are being asked questions where they have to tell the truth. They just started so this guy talking is the first one to be asked.
They all sat down. One of the game show hosts asked a question about occupations. 
Kitty asked why they didn't go into a legitimate profession. The first man is answering.
