The first contestant was questioned as to why with all their obvious intelligence they did not try to get a proper career. They answered that it was all down to money.
They all took their seat and a lady start questions. She asked the the first person why did not find a more legitimate way to find money. And he answers by telling her that he wanded more money. And then she asked the second person who caught him.
After they all take their seat the hostman says that this time they have to tell the truth and tells to a lady named Kitty to ask the first guestions. She then asks the first person why he was not find a more legitimate way to find money and he answers that he was young and thought that the easiest way to find more money was that. Then she asks the second person who caught him. 
The three contestants took their seats.  The host called on a woman named Kitty to start asking the first question.  She asked number 1 why they didn't go into a legitimate profession.  He said it was because of the money.  She then asked number 2 who caught you?
The first woman asks the 1st Frank why he did not just get a normal job and he replies that he wanted a lot of money really quickly and it was fasinating. She then asks the second Frank who it was that caught him. 
They sat down at the table and the first person started asking questions from them. The question to #1 asked if he is so talented why didnt he choose a good profession and the answer was that he was young and really needed the money and this was the best way to do it. For the second person the question was who was the person who caught him.
The 3 contestants sat down and were asked questions by an old lady. She asked number 1 why did he decide on conning the world and doing illegitimate jobs if he was obviously such a skilled individual, to which he replied that it was a matter of money and sense. She then asked number 2 who was it that finally caught him.
The 3 mean sit down. The host introduces a woman who will pose each contestant a question. The first is asked why he would do the things he did. He answer that he needed money. The second man was asked who caught him. 
At this point, the three men are sat down on three spaces, and the gameshow host asked Kitty if she could ask them questions. She had asked the first guy (sat at number 1) why he chose the profession he did, and he answered that it was a matter of dollars and cents. By this, he meant that he chose a profession which he could make a lot of money in.
There is a gameshow and the presenter introduces the game show called Tell The Truth. Then three players individuals come onto the stage and they are all dressed identically as pilots. All three of them claim to be someone named Frank William Abignail , the aim is to question the players until they can find the real Frank. A Co-host starts speaking and tell us a bit of history about Frank such as he impersonated a pilot on Pan Am and flew 2 million miles for free etc., he was the youngest conman with over 4 M and wanted in 26 Countries all before his 19th Birthday. Then the three players start getting questioned by the Co Host, player 1 # You are obviously so clever so why didn't you join a legitimate career ? # 2 Who caught you.nnAfter this it cuts out
Three men were sitting in front of men and women who hosted the tv show.The women ask firt men about begging of his carer as a pilot,he answered ,and the she asked second man about his fascinating life.  
Three guys sat down to start the game. In First question they are supposed to answer thruthfully. Lady presenter asked the first guy why he did it and he said it's because of money 
The trio sit down. The first panelist asked person one why, with such talent and intelligence, did he not do a legitimate profession. Person one answers it was a matter of dollars over pennies, he needed money fast and so decided to pursue this. The first panelist then asks person two who finally caught him.
The first contestant was asked a question regarding why they did this instead of going into a serious profession.  And the he answered it was all about dollars and cents, and it was the easiest option available to him.  The second contestant was also just asked a question but he hasn't answered yet. I can't remember what that question was, but we will see based on his answer.
The three people claiming to be the fraudulent pilot have sat down in front of microphones. People have started asking them questions. Number 1 was asked why he would do it and number 2 has just been asked who caught him.
The To Tell the Truth Game began, and the host asks the first contestant, an older lady, to go ahead and start her questioning. She asks number one, You are obviously a bright fellow, why didn't you try a legitimate career? And number one says it all came down to dollars and cents. Number two (Leonardo DiCaprio) is getting ready to answer next.
The assistant of the program leader asked participant number 1 why he didnt choose legitamte proffesion, he said that when he was young he need money, then she asked number 2.
The 3 men sit in front of a lady who starts asking questions. She starts asking to the man occupying the chair n. 1 why he hasn't picked a legitimate career. The man replies that he was looking for good money and being a con man allowed him to follow a profitable career. The lady asks a question to the man identified by the number 2.
The three men have gone to sit down in the gameshow. Then a woman asked a question to the first man which was why did he do these impersonation when he clearly has so many talents? the first man replied that is was about dollars and cents. Then she asked the second man a different question who caught you?
The contestants sit down and the lady starts to ask questions. The first one is to player one and she asks why did he need to do this as he is obvously clever (he says it was a matter of money). The second question goes to player 2 and she asks who was it who caught you
The television presenter continues with asking the lady which appears to be playing the game show some questions about their criminal activities. From which the first contestant in position one podium answers.  
A question is asked of contestant number one, about what drove him to do this. He replied that he needed the money. Next, contestant number is up for a question.
the gameshow continued and they started asking the contestants questions 
These 3 guys are on a game show to determine which one of them is the real con guy that the movie Catch Me If You Can portrayed. 
Three men on a show of telling the truth are asked questionsnThe first one was asked why he engaged in the acts that he did and he said he was young and he needed the moneynThe second was asked who caught him but he is yet to answer
The first contestant in a pink shirt asked the first potential impersonator why he did what he did, and he looked to the right first and then said that when he was young he simply needed the money.  She then asked the second potential impersonator why it is he does what he does, and he leaned in, about to answer.
The contestants sit down at podiums. The host tells a woman to start asking them questions. She asked contestant 1 why he did what he did. The contestant responded stating that it was about the money. The woman then asked the second contestant something, but I can't remember what she asked.
The 3 men take their numbered seats and the host turns to one of the panelists and asks her to begin her questioning. She starts with person number 1, asking why he turned to a life of deception if he was so talented. He gives a rather insubstantial answer. She then turns to person number 2 and asks who it was that finally caught him.
Kitty on the tv show's panel asks contestant number 1 why didn't you try for a legitimate profession. Contestant 1 says that he needed the money. Then contestant 2 is asked who caught you?
they sit at a panel and a lady starts to ask them questions
The 3 impersonators sit down and wait to be interrogated. A lady asks the first impersonator a question - asking why he didn't just get a job rather than impersonating. She then asked the second impersonator - why he did it  - I think
The three who entered, dressed as pilots, each take a seat opposite the contestants of the game show. One of the female contestants begins to ask questions to the first man, then the second man, assumably she will speak to the third man, situated over on the right, next. 
