Frank Junior comes back to the room with gear to clean the stain. His parents are dancing together and making it worse on the rug. Frank Junior watches them and looks thoughtful. The next scene it is morning and the father is shouting at his son to wake up.
Young frank returns with a towel and milk and watches his parents dance from the doorway. They are dancing in the spilled wine making more of a mess. Older frank looks at his son in a sort of amused way as he tips his wife. Then it cuts to the current scene where older franking seems to be waking young frank in the middle of the night.
Parents started dancing. The son just kept looking as they were makign the stain on the carpet worse. Next scene the dad comes into the boy's room trying to wake him up
Frank Jr. returns from the kitchen with a glass of milk and a cloth to clean the stain on the carpet and he finds his mother and father dancing together, His father appears to be showing off for him. Cut to Frank Sr. quickly walking down a hallway and into Frank Jr.'s bedroom telling him to get up as they have to go.
Frank Snr dances with his wife while Frank Jnr watches.  Everyone is happy and laughing.  It cuts to Frank Snr walking into a room calling 'come on Frank lets go' to his son, Frank Jnr, who is in bed.
the man and his wife were dancing while there son watched
frank sr and the mother begin to dance together, right over the spot with the spilled wine. frank sr dips the mother, they both look at frank jr. cut scene to the next morning, where frank jr is in bed asleep and frank sr comes in the room to wake him up.
Frank senior continues dancing with his wife, eventually Frank junior arrives back with a towel to clean the spilled wine and just stares whilst he continues watching his parents dancing. The scene then cuts to Frank senior abruptly waking up Frank junior. 
frank smiles whilst watching his parents dance and then it cuts to his dad waking him up
Frank Jr watches his parent dance over the spilled wine.  Then it cuts to Frank Sr waking up Frank Jr.
Frank Sr. dances with his wife in the living room while the record plays. Frank Jr. returns with a towel to clean up the spilled wine on the rug. He stops at the doorway and watches while they continue to dance. The scene then cuts to Frank Sr. attempting to wake up Frank Jr. in the early morning hours,  saying they need to go somewhere urgently. 
Frank junior goes to get a towel from the kitchen and mother and father dance romantically. He comes back with a glass of milk, but leans against the doorframe and watches as his father twirls his mum, then has her lean back too far for her own comfort.nnThe next scene the father is running into Junior's bedroom and wakes him up with a jolt, much like you must be doing each time I catch you napping!
Frank Jr. comes walking back to the room with a glass of milk and leans up against the wall, and looks at the splatter from the wine on the floor as his parents are dancing completely around it. It pans to his father dancing still with his wife and dips her and she squeels. Then, it shows another scene of his father barging into his room yelling Frank cmon wake up, and its dark in the room and outside and he pops his head up from the pillow. 
Frank Junior's parents dance and he returns with a glass of milk and a cloth. His parents are dancing on the wine stain. He watches them happily, the camera pans to a scene of Frank Junior being woken up by his dad.
Abignale sr then dances with his wife. There is a blood stain on the carpet. Abignale sr then wakes jr up in the morning.
during the dance, frank spotted blood on the floor
The son went to look for the towel then when he came back the man and his wife where dancing and talking saying its been long since u danced with me and stuff then. The son was just watching then the camera panned down to them stain on the floor which they were constantly stepping on while dancing. Then the next day the man was waking up his son from bed 
Franks's parents are dancing together. After a bit of time Frank comes in and watches them with happiness.nnThe film then cuts to the next morning where Frank is woken up by his old man.
Frank walks back in with the towel and finds his parents dancing, he stands and watch, with a smile on his face.
Frank jr goes to the kitchen to get some milk while Frank senior and his wife dance over the spilt wine on the carpet. Next Frank senior is in Frank jrs bedroom waking him up
frank is watching his parents dance
Mrs Abagnale spills red wine on the floor as she is dancing around and asks Frank jnr to go get a cloth to clean it up. He leaves the room and then she starts to dance with her husband. Frank jnr returns to the rooms and watches them dance admiringly. Then we cut to a scene where Frank senior is bursting into Frank junior's bedroom, he is asleep. Frank senior shakes him and tells him to wake up.
Frank and his mother (not his step-mother!) are dancing, whilst his dad talks about how when he saw her in France (presumably during WW2) that he decided he wouldn't be going back to the US without her. Franks' mom spills a little wine on the white carpet. Franks goes to get a cloth. His dad says it's nothing and starts dancing with his wife. They smudge the wine stain into the carpet.
Frank Sr's wife spills some wine on the rug. Frank Jr goes to grab something to clean it. Frank Sr starts to dance with his wife. Frank Jr returns and smiles on as they keep dancing. At the end Frank Sr us showing to be rushing Frank Jr to wake up.
Frank jnr came back with a cloth to clean the spill up. His mother and father were dancing with each other. He smiled while he watched them dance, but they made the mark on the carpet worse. It then showed Frank Senior waking up his son who was asleep in bed.
Older Frank dances with the woman in the lounge. Young Frank stands in the doorway in his Christmas jumper with a drink watching the two of them dance in the room. The lady tells older Frank that she gets into trouble when she dances with him. There is a shot of something red on the cream carpet below them; it could be blood or it could be wine.
Frank Snr states he found a knecklace that he twirls around dangling in his hand, stating he found it in the car park. The lady looks confused and intrigued. With a wry smile Frank Snr states it must have slipped right off your neck.
Frank jr watched his parents dance, they were so happy. Ather that at the morning his father rushed in Frank jr's room to wake him up.
frank and his wife were dancing in their living room and frank son saw frank and his mother dance on the wine that was spilled on their rug and he look at the with love, frank opened the door to a room that seen like that of his son and he was calling on him to wake up
Frank Sr., his wife, and Frank Jr. are dancing and talking near the Christmas tree in their home. Mrs spills red wine on the white carpet. Frank Jr runs to the kitchen to catch a cloth to clean the carpet. Frank Sr and wife start dancing together on top of the spilled wine. Frank Jr. stops at the door looking at them dancing and the mess done with the wine on floor. The scene changes to next morning when Frank Sr gets into Frank Jr's bedroom and  wakes him up.
