After collapsing, Carl demands that a doctor attends to Frank. We then see Carl being carried to a medical wing and bedded.
frank was sick an unconcious, he was taken for treatment
The prisoner has collapsed. The agent demands a doctor. Frank the prisoner is removed from the cell with force and taken to the infirmary where he is thrown on to the bed with force by several guards and men in suits. The agent keeps saying, stay with me Frank we are going to get you help.
The man called frank who was behind the air vent locked up and vunerable under the blanket in the room, is cited some legal jargon by Tom Hanks and then proceeds to faint and black out, Tom hanks then orders the French authirity to get a doctor asap, and both he and (Lianord dicaprio) Frank gets escorted to a hospital ward by a group of french officials and he is put on a bed while the authorities wash their hands and proceeed to leave frank on the ward
Frank collapses on the floor and Hanraddy pauses and realises he is truly ill. He stands up aggressively and calls for a doctor. The scene cuts to the officers carrying Frank down a hallway and unceremoniously dropping him into a bed in a sick ward. Hanraddy assures the weakened Frank that he will receive medical attention and then will go back home with Hanraddy. The officers proceed to wash their hands. 
Having initially doubted Abergnale's illness, Hanratty panics when Frank collapses and stands up knocking over his stool. He shouts for medical assistance, and we switch to Abergnale being dragged along a corridor to a medical area where he is dumped on a bed by French police who take care to wash their hands after they handle him. Hanratty assures Frank he will be back on a plane to America tomorrow 
Frank has passed out!  The FBI agent implores the prison guards to get him to a doctor.  He assures Frank that he will get him out of there soon.
Carl seems to acclimatizing to his current surrounding that is Franks' cell. He is standing outside the cell but its filthy and something is dripping from the ceiling. Frank is in his cell sick as a dog but Carl seems to think he is faking it since he ignores Franks request to help him. Carl who is an FBI agent starts to read something out loud when Frank suddenly passes out. Carl calls for help and the scene ends as Frank is brought into a hospital.
the agent begins to read a document about extradition to Frank.Frank passes out. The agent yells for immediate medical intervention and Frank is brought to see a doctor.During this time the agent is telling him he will be going home.
The prisoner passed out and needed to see a doctor so the FBI agent call the policeman in charge to get him a doctor. The prisoner was later rushed to the hospital.
Carl starts to read him the extradition laws under court of human rights  -  Franks coughs looks very ill.   Carl has put his umbrella up to protect him from the rain.    Franks collapses - so carl call urgently for a doctors and insists of getting him to one.   They take him to a hospital ward and he collapses on the bed   -  the warders wash their hands.n
The FBI agent oversees people dragging the unwell Frank through a hospital and into a bed, assuring him all the while that he'll take Frank home in the morning and will help him get medical help. 
Abagnail coughs and falls to the floor, out of sight of handratty. Handratty is obviously concerened and he asks Frank? multiple times before standing up and demanding the prison gets the prisoner to a doctor. He is then carried out of his cell, through some halls, and into a hospital bed. He is laid down and Handratty says if you can hear me, we'll get you out of here by tomorrow or something along those lines. All the orderlies who helped carry him to the bed move away and everyone converges away from the bed.
Frank has collapsed and Carl tried to get him some help. The french guards doctors didn't seem very interested or inclined to help
The prisoner, Frank, passes out in the cell. The FBI agent shouts to the French guards that he needs a doctor now! They carry him out of the cell  onto a hospital ward bed. The agent says he will get him home by tomorrow. The French guards then wash their hands.
The character who was talking to frank through the wall doesnt get a response from frank so he kicks his stool back and demands a doctor is called. They call a doctor and take frank to a hospital. He looks very ill 
Hanratty yells for the jailer to fetch a doctor as he sees Frank fall. The scene cuts to a group of guards carrying Frank down a hallway to a bay in a hospital ward surrounded by curtains - they place him on a neatly made bed inside. Hanratty talks to Frank throughout saying that he'll be fine and that Hanratty will be taking him home in the morning. The jailer goes to was his hands.
Well, the prisoner had fallen from where they were in the prison cell and Tom Hanks starts calling frank by his name but when he got no reaction he stood up and kicked away his chairs, held his umbrella down by his side, and angrily shouts Get a doctor, A DOCTOR...  nThe scene then shows, frank being brought to the infirmary by the French guards holding him under his arms as he is barely conscious. Tom hanks is behind him promising to get to a doctor and get him help. He is then taken into a lighter albeit still dingy room which is the medical infirmary and they put him on the bed, not the most gentlest and all hold their hands up as though they've got disgusting things on them and all walk over the the sink to wash their hands simultaneously 
After the fraudster collapsed in his cell, Frank (the man that cuaght him), raised the alarm and got the fraudster out of the cell and onto a bed in a side ward and told him not to worry as he would be taking him home
after the man collapsed the detective shouted for the prison guard to get a doctor. He is then dragged off to the prison infirmary.
The prisoner fainted and he was rushed to the medical bay and amidst all the chaos, the FBI officer was shouting 'I'm gonna take you home in the morning'.
Frank collapses on the floor and Hanratty calls for a doctor.  Frank is taken to a prison hospital bed.  Hanratty promises to take Frank home in the morning.  The prison guards wash their hands before walking away. 
While having the extradiction law read to him, the prisoner has collapsed, prompting the agent to call for a doctor.nIn the next cut, the prisoner is being carried to the hospital bed by the guards.
Detective Hanready loudly yelled Doctor! after frank had passed out. Several guards proceeded to carry Frank's limp body into the medical unit and placed him on the bed. Hanready promised that he was going to take Frank home in the morning
After Frank fell on the floor the FBI agent leapt off the chair and called for a guard.  He shouted that Frank needed a doctor.  In the next scene Frank was seen being put onto a hospital bed.  The FBI agent told Frank that he would get him home in the morning.
After Frank fell, Hanratty yelled his name a couple times. Once he realised Frank was unresponsive, he started yelling at the guard to get a doctor. Cut to next scene, several guards are half carrying half dragging a weak Frank down a hallway into an infirmary and lift him onto a hospital bed as Hanratty repeatedly assures Frank that he's going to bring him home. Once Frank is on the bed, the guards and doctor who'd helped carry him immediately held their hands up in disgust and proceeded over to the sink.
Tom Hanks which is an agent of the FBI saw that Frank (Leonardo DiCaprio) wasn't feeling good and started asking for a doctor. They take Frank to the hospital and Tom Hanks tell Frank that he will take him home 
They just took the con man, Frank, to the hospital and the FBI agent tells him they will take him home in the morning. The police and FBI just stepped away from him to wash their hands.
the prisoner passed out due to feeling unwell. the prisoner has now been taken to the doctors 
frank has collapsed and has been taken to the hospital wing by the guards.
