The FBI agent Hanratty who arrested Abignale is outside the prison in Marseille where Abignale is being held. The people who work in the prison take Hanratty into the prison to visit him. 
A police man or agent called Carl Hanratty is seen talking to a group of men. He explains who he is and seeks to visit a prisoner called Abernathy. This takes place on Christmas Eve 1969 in Marseilles, France. We see the agent walk into what we assume is a prison and is admitted into a room.
A group of men were standing in the rain and discussing
The FBI guy was in front of a French prison in Marseille on Christmas eve. They eventually let him in and he's walking through the prison.
They have taken the protagonist to a kind of town hall. The protagonist has entered and now simply walks.
Hanratty is speaking to the prison staff outside in heavy rain.  He tells them he has orders to speak with one of the prisoners.  We are shown that the jail is in Marseilles.  Hanratty is then lead down a dark corridor and enters an interview room.
The show cuts to a movie with Tom hanks and a group trying to speak to another group who do not speak English.  They convey that they need to see the prisoner.   The movie then goes to a prison where all the men enter.  I am assuming that this movie is about frank and when he was caught by the FBI.
~ after each of the three males were presenting their story pov of the crime and how they acted, it shows a flashback to france when and where the crime incident occurred - it shows officers and police detectives in an institution walking around. 
There is an American detective standing outside of a jail with a group of French officers. He has explained who he is and who he would like to see inside the  Mr Abignale.
We cut to a scene of Carl Hanratty (the man who caught Abignale) speaking to French policeman, it is pouring of rain and they are having difficulty in conversing as they do not speak English. Hanratty tells them he is there to see a prisoner called Abignale. The French policeman seem to understand this and lead Hanratty into a very dark and dingy prison and proceed to lead him to a cell.
Hanratty is arguing with some French people and then they walk into the prison
The FBI agent Hanratty played by Tom Hanks goes to Marseille, France in 1969 to see Frank Abignale.  He enters the prison and is lead to one of the cells by a guard.
Abignail was not even 19 when he committed these crimes. He did it for the money. Hanrady was the FBI agent that caught him. 
Detective Abernathy (?)  is in France on Christmas Eve 1969 and is tryign to introduce himself to French officers so they will take him to see a prisoner
It is raining in Marsailles, France. FBI agent Carl Hanratty explains he's at the prison to see Frank Abagnale. The prison guards lead Hanratty to a prison cell.
THe FBI agent shouted that he had orders to see William abecknale (?) and so he was taken to where he is presumably being held. The FBI agent was soaked in rain and walking down the dark corridor with people who are presumably guards in a prison . 
There is a man in a dark coat and hat arguing with what look like prison guards. He is saying he has orders from the president of the United States. The scene then cuts to the man being led down a corridor by one of the guards. 
Tom Hanks, who plays FBI agent Carl Hanready, is visiting a prison in Marsaille France to speak to a prisoner.
The FBI agent is taken into a prison in France in 1969 to meet with the man who pretended to be an airline pilot.
Mr Carl Hanraddy (or whatever his name was) is the FBI agent who finally caught the conman we saw before you fell asleep (Frank?? Abignail). First, we see Carl standing outside a jail in Marseille, surrounded by both Americans (presumably) and French officers. It's raining heavily, and everyone is underneath umbrellas. Mr Hanraddy is wearing glasses, a hat, and a heavy raincoat. He insists to the French officers that he is here to visit the inmate Mr Abignail. Eventually they let him inside, and we see him proceed down the hallway of the jail, soaking wet from the rain. 
The fbi agent is in france looking for the con artist frank abignale. It looks like he is imprisoned. 
Chistmas Eve, 1969, the FBI agent goes into one of the cells Frank is being imprisoned in. It's raining during the scene and he's escorted by officers. 
They introduce the guy who caught the con man in Marsailles, France in 1969. It is dark and raining. He enters a prison cell?
The cut away scene continued, showing the head of the FBI in France, visiting someone in prison,
It is raining hard. An inspector is trying to make a group of police or prison guards understand him. He says he is the inspector who caught the fraudster. They eventually understand and allow him into the prison to visit the inmate.
The FBI guy is in prison and sees through a hole and he enters into a room and does not say anything.
The American FBI agent Carl Hanratty (played by Tom Hanks) was standing in the rain in France on Christmas Eve in 1969.  We was speaking with agents from France and letting them know he was there to speak with Frank Abignal, the main character.
the detective who caught frank was going to see him in france 1969, christmas eve in a prison cell
The character that Tom Hanks is playing is outside with a group of gentleman out side of a prison and is requesting to see the prisoner Abignail.  They are standing outside where it is pouring rain.  They get the ok to see the prisoner and go inside through a dark doorway and someone moves a chair outside of the cell for Tom Hanks character to sit down.
After the previous questions from the panelists. It pans back to Carl Hanratty who is at Mariselle France in 1969. He was about to go and talk to Frank Abagnale.
