Frank senior continues to dance with his wife. It cuts to the next scene where senior is asking junior to wake up telling him that he does not have to go to school today. He asks if he has a black suit as they have a very important meeting in the city. The next scene shows the two knocking on a shop with a women walking across to let them in. 
Frank told to FrankJR while waking him that he wont go to school because important meeting.nnHe's trying to feed him with breakfast. End scene.nnNext scene we see a woman called outside to open a store
Frank wakes up Frank Jr early in the morning and tells him to get up.  He wants Frank Jr. to wear a black suit.  He has an important meeting.  It cuts to a scene where a shopowner is running to open her door as a man (guessing Frank) tells her to open up.
Cut to the next scene, the father enters Frank junior's room to wake him up. He tell him he doesn't need to go to school and brings him a plate of food in bed. He has to eat quickly because they have to go out.
Frank Snr wakes up Frank Jnr in the early morning. It is a surprise reason for waking Frank Jr up. Frank Snr asks Frank Jnr if he has a black suit. Next, we see a suit shop but it has not opened yet. Frank Snr is banging on the door trying to get them to open because it is important.
Frank has an important meeting or something, it's the next day and he needs to wake up. We're introduced to a new character, that blonde lady working in a store
Frank sr and his wife are dancing. Suddenly it cuts to Frank Sr rushing into Frank Jr's room waking him up. Frank Sr asks him if he has a black suit and he doesn't need to go to school today. Today he has an important meeting in the city. The next shop is of a shopkeeper running to a door whilst frank and his son say they are there for something important
it's in the morning, his father wakes Frankie up
His father are dancing and forgot about the stain in the carpert and after that we see his father waking up Frank in the morning and with some breakfast and after that scene we see his mother at work
Franks father is dancing with franks mother as frank looks on, happy. The scene switches to franks father waking him up in the morning. Frank is fast asleep and struggles to get up. Franks father asks about a black suit and says he has a meeting, that I think he wants frank to go to. The scene ends with some woman rushing towards the door as people asking to get inside. I think it is frank and franks father trying to get into a store to buy a suit.
Franks Dad is dancing with his mother, making her laugh then the film cuts to his dad entering his room telling him to wake up, repeatedly carrying a plate of scrambled eggs. Frank jnr complains of over sleeping and his dad says have you a black suit, no school today. Frank jnr asks if if has been snowing but Frank Snr says no we have an important meeting in the city. Next clip shows a store with a woman rushing towards the door
we see frank's parents dance and the scene abruptly moves forward to where we see frank's dad opening frank' bedroom door. We see frank sleeping, his dad wakes him up and tells him he doesn't have to go to school today. frank wonders why and asks him if it was snowing. his dad tells him that they have a very important meeting at the town and asks him if he has a black suit. He feeds him and tells him to eat. the next scene we see a blonde old lady moving across a room.
Franks mother and father start dancing. Franks father then wakes him up for school with eggs. Frank asks if its snowing and then they go to a clothes store
dad twirls his wife whilst dancing, in the next scene he is waking up his son whilst there is a whole host of comics by his bed.
his dad wakes him up early and asks if he has a suit for an important meeting they go to the store and try getting in .
The son was woken up by the father to breakfast. The son was told he didn't have to go to school for that day. Frank, the son, asked if it was snowing and that's why he didn't have to go.n
Frank Sr and Paula continue to dance over the wine stain on the carpet, Frank  dipping Paula. The scene switches to Sr bursting in through Jr's bedroom door, waking him up and telling him that he doesn't have school. The scene switches again to a blonde woman hurrying across a room.
Frank Sr woke Frank Jr up and asked if he had a black suit, as he had a very important meeting. They then went to the clothes store,
Frankie is asleep in bed and his father comes and wakes him up and brings him breakfast telling him he doesn't have to go to school.
Frank goes into Frank Junior's bedroom who is asleep. Dad is holding a plate of breakfast which looks like scrambled egg. Dad wakes his son up saying he does not have to go to school that day. Son struggles to sit up as he is still half asleep. Dad asks son whether he has a dark suit as he has to go for an interview. The clip then jumps to an office bar where a lady with blonde curly hair walks across the room. 
The scene cuts from the dancing to a different morning where Frank Sr hurriedly wakes up Frank Jr with breakfast in his hands for him. Jr believes he woke up late for school but is told he does not need to go to school today as there is a big meeting in the city and he needs a black suit. Frank Sr then passes him so breakfast too. The scene then cuts to this store where you could hear Frank Sr outside asking to be let in. 
Frank's father and mother dance around in the living room, Frank looks on, feeling quite contented at this scene of family bliss. The scene then cuts to Frank being woken up by his father. The scene then flashes to Frank and his father at the door of a building, waiting to be let in. A woman opens the building for Frank and his father.
Frank SR has got Frank JR out of bed and told him he doesn't need to go to school as more important matters are at hand, they have to attend a very important meeting you see.
Frank senior enters his son's bedroom and wakes him with a plate of breakfast. They talk about oversleeping and getting a black suit.
Frank and Pamela finish dancing and then it cuts to Fran juniors father waking him up carrying a plate of food. Frank junior thinks he has overslept and his dad says he doesn't need to go to school today but that he needs to put on a black suit as he has got an important meeting in the city. Then you head a loud knocking and Franks dad is shouting to a shop lady to open up and banging on the door. 
So they continued dancing, while Frank Junior was there standing just watching. The next Junior was sleeping and his dad came in his room with a plate of food. He asked him to eat and geat ready for school. So when they got to a certain shop the asked a lady whom l guess was the shop attended to open up
The story is about how Frank senior met his wife while fighting in France during WW2.  The next scene shows Frank senior telling his son he does not have to go to school and needs a suit.
Dad told son to  get out of bed as he  had to get to school, junior replied it was not snowing. Then Frank knocked on the shop door
His dad goes into his room and tells Frank Junior to get up, he has a plate of food in his hands. Frank Junior asks if he's sleep in late again, his dad says he's not going to school and he's got an important meeting to go to. Then there is a clothing shop with a sales lady running towards the door where we can hear the dad at the door asking for the shop to be opened up urgently.
Frank Sr wakes up Frank Jr. With food. He says to Jr that he doesnt have to go to school today as they have an important meeting in town and does he have a black suit. Then it pans to a shop where there was banging on the door and a woman running to answer
