The shopkeeper Darcy says that they don't loan suits and they're not open. She goes to leave then Frank senior tells her to wait and come back. He dangles a  necklace through the shutters and asks her if it's hers. He said he found it just across the way. 
Darcy says that they don't loan suits and that they're not open. She turns away to return to the shop. Frank Snr calls after her again and asks her to come back. He then dangles a gold necklace from his hand saying, Darcy, is this yours? He explains he found it in the parking lot and that it must have slipped off her neck. She replies with Uh-huh with a lightly mocking tone though she is not rejectful.    
Darcy is unwilling to help. She says they don't loan suits and they're not open yet. She is closing the door when Abignale senior produces a necklace and asks Darcy is it's hers. She seems to recognize it. Abignale senior says it must have fallen off her next in the parking lot.
Darcy, the shop worker, says they dont loan suits and aren't open. Frank's dad shows a necklace and asks if it's hers. He said he found it in the parking lot 
Darcy turns them away from being able to rent a suit for Frank Srs father's funeral. As she is about to close the door, Frank Sr shows her a necklace that just slipped off her neck beforehand. She then seems to change her mind.
Frank Jnr and Snr are stood outside a tailors shop banging on the door, Darcey, the woman who works there shouts that they are not open for another half hour. Frank Snr pleads with her that he needs to borrow a black suit for his son for a military funeral of his 85 year old father who is having a 21 gun salute and planes flying over. Darcey repeats that they are not open and do not lend suits. Frank Snr then produces a locket on a chain and suggest Darcy has dropped it in the parking lot.
They are trying to convince Darcy to open up the shop so that frank SR can get a suit for frank JR. Darcy is refusing and then Frank SR produces a golden necklace belonging to Darcy! He says he found it in the parking lot but the shop keeper is clearly not buying it. A standoff ensues. 
At the store, Darcy tells Frank Sr. the store is not open yet and that they don't loan suits. As she retreats into the store, Frank Sr. stops her by producing a gold necklace, asking if it was hers. He says It must have slipped right off of your neck to her, as she gives him a skeptical look.
Darcy the store associate says they don't loan suits and is about close the door when frank sr holds out a necklace and asks if its hers. He said he found it in the parking lot and said it must've slipped from her neck
Darcy refused to open the door. Carl insisted and pulled out a necklace which he said belongs to Darcy. He said he found it in the parking lot. Darcy looked cinfused
Frank Sr is saying he needs a black suit for his son cause his father died, war hero, military funeral, 21 gun salute, but Darcy says they dont rent and they're not open.  She's about the close the door when Frank Sr says wait is this yours and he holds out a necklace and she just comes back and looks at him a bit and he said he found it in the parking lot, must have slipped off her neck.
The shop worker denies the request but then Frank's father shows her a necklace and says he found it in the parking lot. This gets her attention.
Frank Sr tries to push Darcy into opening the store for his son. Just before Darcy shuts the door, he brings out a golden necklace which piques her interest. He asks if it's hers and that he found it in a parking lot. 
Frank Sr shows Darcy a gold necklace, saying he found it right outside. This seems to warm Darcy up and she seems more willing to let them in and borrow a suit.
the owner of the shop says that she does not rent out suits, then frank sr, charms her by showing her a locket, that he just found outside, and wants her to open the door
There is a scene where Frank Sr. bursts into Frank Jr's room in the middle of the morning and wakes him up and tells him that he doesn't have to go to school that day and that he needs a black suit.nnThen there is a scene where Frank sr and Frank Jr. are at a clothing store and they ask the woman(whose name is darcy) for a suit.nnDarcy tells them that the store is closed and even if it wasn't, they don't loan suits out.nnFrank Sr. then pulls a chain out of his pocket and asks Darcy if it is hers.
Darcy the store person says they dont open for half an hour or loan suits, Then frank snr reveals a necklace and says is this yours darcy i found it out there on the road it must have just slipped off your neck.
Frank Sr. tries to con the woman in the suit shop to let him and Frank Jr. into the shop to get a black suit. He tries to bribe her by saying he found her necklace in the parking lot. 
Two men approached a bar owned by Dacy. Dacy was in red dress with a broochomthe let side, with blond short hair. She told the two men that the bar was closed and  one of the men dangleda chain at Dacy saying it must have slipped off her neck and it was found in the parking lot.
Frank tries to persuade the woman to open the shop. He holds out a necklace and asks if it's hers. He says he found it in the parking lot.
Franke senior takes Frank junior to buy a black suit and flirts with the shop lady asking her if he just found her necklace
The dad kept saying Darcy then showed a necklace and attracted her attention and said it went right off her neck or something.
Darcey wants to go back and says they re not open and they dont loan suits. Then Father Frank shows a necklace what he found in the parking lot, and says it's hers
Frank's father is trying to persuade Darcy, the suit sales woman to rent them a suit for a few hours by showing her a necklace and claiming it slipped right off her neck  
You see father charm darcey so she dones't shut shop, giving her a necklace that 'slipped off'
She tells him that they don't loan suits and they're not open for another half an hour. She goes to close the door but Frank Snr says, Darcy, is this yours? and drops a necklace out of his fist through the barred doorway. She looks at the necklace. He says he found it in the parking lot and it must have slipped off her neck.
Frank Snr bribes Darcy with a gold pendant necklace to let them in (pretending it slipped off her neck in the parking)
Frank Sr and Frank Jr at store to get a suit but they are not open for another 1 2 hours.  Darcy the store lady says come back then.  Then Frank Sr holds out a necklace and asks if it is hers Darcy's.
Darcy still refuses to open the shop for them. Then Frank senior produced a gold necklace from nowhere and asks.. Is this yours Darcy , I found it right here. Darcy seemed interested in claiming it and Frank junior looked impressed with his fathers initiative.
Darcy is in the doorway of the shop and says that they do not loan suits and they are not open. The man holds up a gold necklace which he says he found in the parking lot that she must have dropped there
