At the award ceremony for the rotary club the prisoner in the clip earlier was a boy as the clip takes place 6 years earlier. His father won an award at the ceremony and paid tribute to a couple of guys from the rotary club and also his wife and son who were sitting there prominently. He then started telling a story about two mice.
the second person looking at his father and smiles.His father starts telling a story about two little mice that fall in to a bucket of cream. The first mouse after a while didn't make it and drown. The second mouse wasn't quitting and eventually the cream became butter and that's how it saved itself.
Frank Sr. is giving a speech.  He talks about a mice in a bowl of cream and that one quits.  The second mouse does not quit and turns the cream into butter.
Frank's father is giving a speech for accepting the award and is telling a story about two mice in a bucket of milk, one dying, the other turning it to butter because he fought so hard, some analogy story. 
Frank started telling a story about two mice who fell in a bucket if cream and one quickly gave up and drowned but the other turned it into butter.
The real Abignail gives a speech where he speaks highly of his colleagues, his wife and his son (Dicaprio). He then tells a story of two mice that fell in a  one quickly gave up, while the second one struggled so hard he turned the cream into butter.
Frank is happy, smiling in the front row. His father begins to tell a story about 2 mice who fell into a bucket of cream. The first mouse gave up but the second peddled and tried to get out of the cream. He swam to hard and determined that it churned the cream into butter
It is then revealed that Frank is actually Frank Jr, as the man receiving the award is his father. On stage, his father discusses the analogy of two mice in some milk - he says one drowns and the other makes cream.
A young Frank Jr is staring star struck to the stage whilst everyone is applauding for Frank Abegnail as he is collecting his prize and is going to give a short speech.nFrank starts talking about two mice who both fell in to a bucket of Cream. One drowns and churns so hard he turns it into butter.
Frank jr. was listening to his father's speech ,who used some example of two mouses 
The speaker tells a story about 2 mice that fell into a bucket of milk. First mouse gives up quickly and drowns but the second one doesn't and struggles so hard it churns the milk into butter
Frank Senior starts he speech and seems to be making a joke about two mice stuck in cream. One gives up and drowns, the other keeps swimming and turns the cream into butter. Now we'll here the rest of the story.
The man at the podium points out his son in the audience.  It is the same guy who removed the label from the bottle earlier. His son smiles but sits and doesn't say anything. The man at the podium tells a story about two mice who fell into a thing of cream.  The first mouse gave up, and I think died, but the 2nd mouse didn't give up and struggled so hard that he turned that cream into butter.
Frank is listening to his dad give a speech. His dad is telling a parable about two mice that fell into a bucket of milk. One died, and one struggled so much it turned into butter.
The Rotary club is honoring Franks father, Frank Sr. He accepts his award and acknowledges his wife and son, sitting in the front row. Then he starts to tell a story about two mice who fell in a bucket of milk. The first mouse quickly gives up and drowns. The second mouse works so hard to try to get out he makes cream out of the milk. 
People were applouding, man at the podium recounted a story about two (i dont heard who) who falled into a backet of cream and gaved up then drowned, and about others two who tried so hard that they menaged to change this cream to a butter.
Frank's father presents to the audience his son, Frank jr and his wife Paula, the woman wearing the red dress, they're both located in the front row. Frank's father tells a story to the audience about 2 mice. 
We find out that it was Frank's father who won the award and gets up on stage to accept it. Frank is looking at his father in admiration. Frank Sr. tells a story of two mice falling in bucket of cream where the first one downs but the second one tries so hard it churns the cream into butter.
The award is being given to Frank's father who achnolleges his wife and Frank. He then talks about two mice who fall into a bucket of  the first one quickly gives up and dies. The second continues until the cream is turned into butter
A man called frank William gets called to the stage to collect an honorary award whilst he gives credit to frank jr whos sitting at the table with others. Frank William continues to give a short story about mice and the drive for survival.  
Frank Sr introduces the audience to his son Frank Jr, who applauds. Frank Sr, who is on stage, tells a story about two mice who fell into a bucket of cream. The first mouse gave up right away and drowned, while the second mouse kept on struggling to escape and ended up churning the cream into butter.
franks da is giving a speech six years earlier 
This scene is showing the con guy from 6 years earlier at the awards ceremony. It wasn't him getting an award but it was his father.
Frank's dad is the one who was honored by the Rotary clubnHe was given a plaque and he was given his thank you speech and he acknowledged his wife and son
Christopher Walken's character, the real Frank Abignail, started to tell a story.  He said that two little mice fell into a pot of cream and started to sink.  The first gave up and drowned, but the second kept paddling and paddling and eventually churned it into butter.
Frank Jr's mom touches his shoulder and takes a drag on her cigarette. Frank's father at the podium tells a story of 2 mice that fell into a bucket of cream. He said one mouse gave up quickly but the other mouse tried to survive and managed to turn the cream into butter due to the struggle.
Frank and his mother smile up at Frank Senior. Frank Senior still at the podium, starts to tell a story, Two mice fell into a bucket of cream. The first mouse quickly gave up and died, but the second mouse struggled so hard that he churned that cream into butter.
Young Frank Abegnale is smiling at the table. His dad is speaking to the rotary club audience. He tells a story about 2 mice in a bucket of cream. The first drowns but the other struggles hard and survives, turning the cream into butter.
the main characters dad gets up and makes a speech
So Frank's dad is the airline pilot, Frank junior and his mum are there to see Frank get an award. Once accepting his award he talks about two mice that fall in a bucket of cream, one gives up and dies and the other flaps so hard trying to get out, he turns the cream into butter.
The event   ceremony is from 6 years earlier, it seems the prisoners dad is called frank abignail and the son is frank junior, they continue seated, while his dad is at the podium giving a speech, thanking the mayor, his wife, his son (the man seen in the prison earlier) and giving the crowd some sort of inspirational story. 
