The man at the podium finished his two mice story. He said the second mouse worked so hard to get out they turned the cream into butter was able to escape. The man then said that he was the second mouse. Everyone stood and clapped and the person that was the prisoner earlier was his son, who thought the story was incredible, and this was shown because of the way he was clapping and the camera was closeup on him. The father then walked off the stage while everyone was clapping and hugged his son. Then it cut to a scene in front of a house during the winter. You could tell this because it was gray looking outside with snow on the ground.
Frank Sr. continues his speech about 2 mice.  He says 2 mice fell into a bucket of cream.  The first mouse gives up quickly and drowns.  The second mouse doesn't give up, and struggles so hard that the churns the cream into butter and crawls out.  He finishes by saying he is that second mouse.  He walks off stage to loud applause.  Frank Jr. looks very proud and is clapping intensely and gets up to hug his father when he walks off stage. 
So DiCaprio's father tells a story about 2 mice. Then he hugs his son when the music starts to play.
I'm a little confused, but they invited Christopher Walken's character up onstage instead and Leonardo DiCaprio is his son. Christopher accepts an award and then tells a story that he says he will keep fighting and perservere.
Frank's father tells story of two mice stuck in a bucket of cream one drowned the other struggled and turned it into butter and crawled out he then said he was that second mouse.
His father was speaking about an anecdotal story where he explains that he has succeded in his career. 
He says that the first mouse gave up and died, but the other mouse struggled and got free. He says that he is the second mouse. People clap, and he hugs his son. The video then cuts to another scene.
it was frank senior on stage talking about 2 mice, he said the mouse that gets the cream, he leaves the stage to am embrace from frank junior with an applause taking place before the shot turns to an outside scene
The speech ended, talking about two mice.
With Frank intently watching, his father gives a speech in which he tells a story of 2 mice. Frank is really impressed and looks really happy and proceeds to give his father a hug when he steps down off the stage.
Frank described himself as the second mouse in the story who didn't give up, turned that cream into butter, and crawled out
Frank explains that the second mouse in the cream did not want to give up and struggled until the cream turned to butter. The mouse then crawled out. Frank explains he is now like that second mouse. His son and everyone else applaud.
Frank is continuing his speech by finishing the story of the two mice in the cream. He compared himself to the second mouse who refused to give up, turning the cream into butter and crawling out. 
he was the 2nd mouse that turned the cream to butter and crawled out. his son was so proud clapping and hugging him. we then had music playing and a clip of a street with an old fashioned car. n
Frank Abagnale, standing before the Rotary Club, tells the story of two mice who fall into a bucket of cream. The first mouse despairs, and immediately drowns. The second mouse refuses to succumb to despair, and flails and struggles until he churns the cream into solid butter, and is able to scamper to safety.nnFrank says that he is that second mouse. The Rotary Club bursts into applause, and Frank and his son embrace.nnThe scene cuts away to a house is a snowy enviironment.
Frank's dad spoke about second mouse. He changed cream into the butter. He said he is the second mouse.Then place changed quickly and we see a car.
Frank Snr is giving his acceptance speech at the Rotary Club infront of a room of people and his wife and son. He comes down off the stage and hugs his son and then you see an outside view of the family house.
The scene showed frank sr giving a speech about mice and cream and then everyone applauded him including frank jr.
Frank Sr continues an analogy of 2 mice in cream, one gave up and drowned the other fought so hard he turned cream to butter and got out. Frank says, Ladies and gentlemen, I am that second mouse. Frank jr. focuses intently and claps enthusiastically with admiration. The scene cuts outside to a car in the snow with music. 
We find out that frank has a son that Jr. Frank (the dad) continues his speech then everyone claps, and it cuts to the scene of a car. 
It is six years earlier in New York, Frank's dad is accepting the award. He is telling the audience a story about two mice in a bucket. He compares himself to the second mouse who wouldn't give up and turned the cream into butter. The audience claps and stands at this. Two men are shown hugging at the front of the room of tables. The movie then pans to a scene that shows a neighborhood with houses and cars. It appears to be winter with the snow on the ground. 
The award was for Frank's father.  It was 6 years previously and in New York.  Frank is a teenage boy.  His dad tells a story about 2 mice that fall into a bucket of cream, the first gives up quickly.  The second mouse wouldn't quit and churned that cream until it turned into butter and then walked out.  He then said, I am that second mouse.  The scene then changes to the outside of a house with an early 1960s car in the foreground.
Franks senior gives a speech in front of an audience and announces retirement using an analogy about a mouse turning cream into butter 
Frank Abignal Snr is on stage and comparing himself to a mouse that fell into milk where he keeps trying to get out and only way he does is when milk turns into cheese from him moving his arms. At this point Frank Jr and rest of audience  stand up and applaud. The the scene cuts to a car parked out a house in snow.
Frank senior continues the story of the mice in the bucket of cream. The second mouse did not give up trying to get out and paddled so hard he turned the cream into butter. Frank Senior says he is the second mouse. His son looks on to applause. They embrace.
Frank Sr tells the story of the two mice that fell into cream. The first gave up, the second struggled until the cream turned to butter, then walked out. He said he was like the second mouse. Frank Jr had a look of admiration and hugged his father when he stepped off the stage.
So Frank senior is finishing the story of the 2 mice in the bucket and explains how the 2nd mouse climbed out of the bucket by turning the cream into butter and how in this moment he is that 2nd mouse. The camera focuses on Frank junior and the crowd claps. The scene switches to a car on a street in winter. Looks to be close to christmas.
The father finishes his speech and his son Frank look seems really proud of him.
The dad told a joke about a mouse that fell into cream wouldn't give up and churned the cream into butter and crawled out.
It was Franks father who acutally received the award,  the prisoner is the son of Frank William Abignail (senior) the prisoner was Junior.nFrank Snr continues his story about the 2 mice, and states he is the second one, accepts the award and climbs off the stage.  His son Frank Jnr then gives his father, Frank Snr, a hug and the scene ends.  The scene then opens with a car standing by a house in the snow time
