Frank Sr. thanks the Chairman for the introduction. Then Frank Sr. proceeds to express his feeling honored by the presence of his wife and of Frank Jr. sitting front row.
It's a jump scene, to six years earlier, where we see Frank's Dad, also Frank getting an award at the Rotary Club
The guy comes up to give his speech. He thanks everyone and his wife, the camera moves to the lady we saw wearing red. He also thanks his son, Leo DiCaprio, who's sitting at the front chair.
The film continues at the rotary club dinner whilst he gives a speech. later he introduces his son Jack who was sitting in the front row.
The genuine Frank William Abignale is being honoured by a rotary club in New York to which he delivers an address in which he acknowledges his friends, his wife, and his son Frank Abignale junior who is seated at one of the tables at the front of the room.
There is a man on stage talking. He mentioned his wife and son, who are in the front row sitting, people are smiling and clapping. They show a young Frank with his mum
The real Frank starts his acceptance speech by thanking the host of the ceremony first while the crowd applaud. He then continue to thank his wife who's having a cigarette to which the crowd also applaud. Then he finish off by thanking his son, Frank jnr.
The guy gets up there to accept the award.  In his speech he acknowledges his son (also named Frank) and we find out that Leo DiCaprio is the son of this man.  They are both named Frank.
Frank Sr gives a speech thanking his family for his award and he refers to his son as Frank Jr. We then see a younger Frank smiling up to his father, whilst sitting next to his mother.
Franks father goes up on stage to collect an award and he thanks his wife Paula and his son Frank Jr. sitting in the front row
We learn in this clip, from a flashback scene that goes back 6 years, that Frank Abignail is actually a junior, named for his father, who is receiving an award from the New Rochelle Rotary Club. 
The guy who got the award medal turns out to be the con mans father. He thanks the people for receiving the award medal and his wife and son. They reveal father and son have the same name. 
Christopher Walken's character Frank Sr started to give his acceptance speech at the podium, and he introduced his wife and his son, Frank Jr (Leonardo DiCaprio's character).
Frank Snr takes to the stand. says is pleased his wif and son Frank Jnr are sitting in the front row
Frank snr continues his speech after accepting the award. He thanks the dignitories present, and then thanks his wife and son, Frank.
Christopher Walken, playing Leonard DiCaprio's father, goes up to accept his speech. He is grateful and the main aspect of this scene is to clearly indicate that his son is Frank Abagnale Jr. and that he is, in this instance, well-behaved and well-dressed in a school uniform.
We witness a Frank Abignail from 6 years previous at the rotary club dinner as Frank is giving a speech, He aknowledges the Mayor, Robert Wagner and the President of the rotarty club, Jack Barnes. The camera appears as a member of the audience, slightly below the podium looking at Frank. It then comes back to Franks point of view as he acknowledges his wife, Paula and his son, Frank junior (note this is the Frank Abignail that Hanraddy the FBI agent has been persuing.), who he suggests with a little increduality, that he is sitting in the front row. Frank senior then proceeds to wipe his nose.
frank was speaking at a conference and saying how proud of his son he was and introduced his wife also
a flashback to 6 years ago franks dad is at a city function on stage about to give a speech for his donations towards the city
He proceeds to give his speech while looking into the audience he notices his wife and son. He proceeds to tell the audience that he is honoured to see his loving wife and son. 
Frank continues to speak on the microphone. He tanks the club president, his wife, and his son Frank Jr. As he thanks each person, the crowd claps. At the end the other announcer than says sitting in the front row and the crowd laughs
The real Frank begins to talk at the lectern, thanking the club president and his wife. He then thanks his son - who is clearly the man in the prison from the previous scene, and one of the men who were potentially the person who stole Frank's identity in the first scene.
The man walk up the stage and says, that he is humbled to be there, then he mentions his wife and son sitting with him, while the whole crowd is cheering
Frank sr is giving a speech and then recognizes his son Frank Jr
Frank wants to acknowledge his wife, and son - Frank Jr sitting in the front row
Frank William Abignail continues to thanks people. He thanks the person behind him. He then thanks his wife. The next person he thanks is his son, Frank junior. We see Frank in the front row.
The established Frank sr. is giving a speech in front a room of his family and colleagues, six years earlier in this flashback. We see his son, the one in the previous clip, a proud son sitting at the table with his mother who is smoking a cigarette. We see Frank sr. shout out his loving wife and his son, Frank jr in this falshback. Frank jr. smiles and claps, along with his mother.
The flashback to 6 years earlier, has the conmans father going up to accept an award from a local rotary club.  He thanks everyone inc his wife and son.  The son (future conman) is much younger here and he smiles
Frank's father receives an award. He thanks the mayor. The father draws attention to his loving family and in particular his son who is in the front row. 
The man was grating to his wife who was smoking and his son Frank
