A guy called Carl who works for the FBI with an organised team says he has orders to arrest imposter no 2 in France. 
The second man answers the question of who finally caught him. He explains that the person's name was Carl Hanratty. The scene suddenly cuts to a scene from the movie, Catch Me If You Can. Carl Hanratty, played by Tom Hanks, is closely huddled with five other men. It is raining heavily and everyone is dressed in long coats and hats and some have umbrellas. Carl Hanratty introduces himself to three other men and explains he is Carl Hanratty from the FBI in the United States. He repeats himself again and the men seem confused. From their accents, it transpires they are French. The camera pans out and shows them in front of a large building and text on the screen informs the audience it is Marseilles on Christmas Eve, 1969.        
Kitty just asked contestant number 2 who caught him and number 2 replied Carl Hanratty. The screen then changes rapidly to Marseille France in 1969 and in the pouring rain a man called Carl Hanratty is surrounded by a number of French officials saying he needs to see someone about Abignale.
It flashbacks to the cop that caught the fraudster and he is saying his name
Contestant #2 tells us that Conrad caught him and it switches to an old scene in 1960s France where they show his capture, I assume. 
The 2nd of the 3 'pilots' is questioned by the game show contestants and asked 'Who finally caught you?'. The movie then cuts to a scene in Marseille on Christmas Eve, which shows the FBI agent Carl Hanratty, stood in the rain surrounded by many French police officers, asking to question Frank Abignale.
Number 2 describes that he was caught by FBI in Marseille. The scene then cuts to an FBI officer asking to see the prisoner in the rain on xmas eve in Marseille. He is granted access and taken to see the prisoner. 
The scene, being described by Number 2 takes place on a rainy day in Marseilles, France on Christmas Eve in 1969. It is Carl, the man who caught Frank, having an exchange with a bunch of cops.
Contestant number 2 answers the question that he was caught by Carl Hanratti. A cut scene happens, with a man named carl hanratti speaking to the police in the rain 
The second man was asked how he got caught and said the man was Kyle .The scene went to that scenario he was explaining. The man as trying to correct the men who were not pronouncing his surname proprerly. The man said he was from the FBI from United States of america and he came for Frank William Abignail. This scene was in France on Christmas eve.,
They asked who finally caught them and #2 said it was Carl Hanratty which cut to a scene of a bunch of men in rain and one of them saying the name Hanratty to some French police and him saying he's FBI from America and came to see the prisoner.
They introduced the guy that eventually caught Abignale, Carl Hanraddy. They showed him through a flashback scene at the prison trying to talk to Frank Abignale.
The second contestant answers the question of who caught him by naming the agent who caught him - Carl. There is then a flashback to a rainy day in Marseille, France, where the FBI agent Carl explains he is from the FBI and has come from America looking for the contestant. The French officers are having a hard time understanding. 
The American man who finally caught the imposter is shown visiting the imposter in prison on a rainy day night
we see a scene where carl hanratty is talking to the french police, about talking to frank avaignail while he is in a french prison
The 3 possible impersonators of Frank Abangale are asked a serious of questions by a female commentator on the program named Kitty.nnOne of the possible impersonators of Frank Abangale is asked who caught him and said that it was someone whose last name was Hanratty.nnThe film then cuts to a scene where Hanratty(played by Tom Hanks) is standing outside in the rain with a bunch of law enforcement agents around him.
he said he was caught by carl henretty and then it cut to the said person explaining toa policeman that he was carl henretty and he was an fbi agent who needed to speak to the president about abignail. Then it came up with the description christmas eve 1969 in marsaille
A woman contestant asks the guy in the number 2 position who caught him. He replied with an FBI agents name. They cut away to a memory scene that shows the FBI agent asking about the prisoner that has been caught in France is having trouble communicating with the French authorities.
Christmas eve in France. Carl Henry was in the rain with 6 other men under the umbrella. He introduced himself to them all as Carl Henry.
Leonardo Di Caprio explaining who it was that caught him out. We then see a flashback to the scene in catch me if you can where the men are standing under umbrellas in the rain, and Tom Hank's character is exposing Frank. 
a potential Frank says he was caught by Carl and then it introduces Carl in France talking to the French police
Number 2 was talking then all sudden tom hanks showed up in a different scene in France I'm not quite sure what they were saying as there is rain and background noise. it was super weird.
The second person said Carl something (Hanrathy) was the person who came to Mersailles to get him out from prison, but several people was there in the rain and said that they are Carl
The middle man, leonardo decaprio, was asked how he was finally caught. There was a flash back scene to paris of the FBI agent, Carl Handrady asking for the American prisoner. We now know, this is the con man the talk show host introduced us too.
The second in the line up says the nsame of the man who caught him. We see a man of that name in france stating his name 
Number two explains that the man that caught him was called Carl Hanratty. We then cut to a flashback sequence of several men under umbrellas in the pouring rain. Tom Hanks tells the men that he is Carl Hanratty from the FBI and he has authority to speak to the American prisoner Abignail. A caption appears on the screen saying Marseille, France, Christmas Eve, 1969
talks about the FBI agent who caught him, Karl Hanready - skipped to scene where Tom Hanks plays him in the film
People are standing in the rain and Carl says he is from the FBI.  They are in France in 1969. 
they showed a clip of the man who caught him , Karl Hanready. He is standing in the rain explaining who he is to some other official looking people. telling them he is FBI and has orders to apprehend Frank William Abingale. They are having difficulty understanding him.
The camera shows man number 2 who says that Carl Hanratty caught him.  The scene then changes to FBI male police offices sheltering from heavy rain under black umbrellas talking about the man they caught
