The man who came to visit the prisoner was watching him cough through the speak hole. The visiting man noticed there was a leak where he was sitting so he opened up an umbrella and sat back down. He started speaking to the prisoner and said that he wasn't feeling well either. Then the visitor started to read a type of  law and rights article that he suggested the prisoner know.
Carl is peeking through the little grate to speak to Frank.  We can see Frank, with dirty long hair, a beard, and with a dirty wool blanket wrapped around him.  He is coughing violently the entire time.  Carl opens his umbrella because rain is dripping into the jail.  he sits and says to frank, you know i have a bit of a cold myself.  And then he starts reading from his papers, I think it is some sort of treaty or agreement relating to how foreign prisoners are to be treated. 
So the guy (Mel Gibson) comes to the suspect (DiCaprio). French guard says he cannot give him anything, also to sit down here. DiCaprio begins to cough and Mel Gibson is saying something about human rights and extradition
Leonardo's character is in a French jail and he is very sick because it is damp. Tom's character sits on a chair and is talking to him through a slot and opens an umbrella so that he doesn't get himself wet while he reads legal paperwork from the US to Leonardo's character.
Abignail is in his damp dripping cell wrapped in a blanket and is coughing a lot , Hanratty puts up his umbrella then starts to read the extradition papers.
Frank is being read his rights. 
Carl opens an umbrella to stop water leaking on him. He says to the prisoner that he gets a bit of a cold himself. He then reads him some prisoner laws.
the man named carl is in what looks like a prison where, he looks around before putting up an umbrella as it dripping water inside, he then talks through the small hatch to the prisoner who appears to have a cold, he talks about his rights
The guy in the cell is coughing and the FBI agent starts to read him something about extradition.
The FBI agent hunting him down goes to see him in the french jail. Frank is really sick and coughing due to the deplorable conditions in the jail. Hanraddy starts reading the extradition papers conditions to Frank through a small barred opening in the wall.
Carl is visiting Frank in prison. Frank is currently in a very terrible situation, he's sick and being treated badly
Carl seems shocked that the prisoner is kept in bad conditions. The prisoner is wrapped in a blanket and coughs uncontrollably. Carl says he has got a bit of a cold himself and sits down. Carl starts to read the prisoner his rights.
The man who captured the imposter looks in on the prisoner in his cell, who's coughing profusely, obviously worse for wear than his To Tell the Truth appearance. The man outside the cell begins reading him a document
carl hanratty is visiting him in a cell in france. he has a very bad cold. he starts to read the human rights act out to him. n
Hanratty takes a seat outside a prison cell occupied by Frank Abagnale. Hanratty can see Abagnale through a tiny, grated opening in the cell wall. Abagnale is coughing, clearly very sick.nnHanratty, protecting himself from a leak in the roof with his open umbrella, pulls out paperwork and begins to read an extradition treaty to Abagnale.
They are going to the place where is Leonardo DiCaprio. He is closed and in horrible condition, he is ill. Other men is reading information notes about human rights. 
Charles Hanratty is in a foreign prison or police station where he is being allowed to interview a prisoner through a narrow gap in a door. The prisoner ir sheltering in a wet cell and is obviously sick and coughing a lot. Charles Hanratty says that he also has a cold and starts to read out the extradition notice
The main character with glasses was in some sort of prison. He is then seen speaking to what appeared to be contestant number 2 through a prison door. He starts speaking about extradition rights to the prisoner.
Frank Abernathy (Leo dicaprio) continues coughing in the dank cold, dark cell. Carl (Tom Hanks) opens his umbrella as there appears to be a leak from above, sits on the stools, and looks through the slot at Frank. He then reads him a statute on human rights. 
Carl sees frank sick then decided to open up his umbrella because the water from the ceiling pipes were dripping. Carl then makes a lighthearted joke about being sick to sympathize with frank before reading extradition rights to frank. 
Carl is looking through a small barred window at a prisoner. The scene is a very damp, dark jail cell. There is water dripping from the ceiling. The prisoner is coughing and sounds very sick. He is wrapped up in a blanket. Carl says to the prisoner, as he opens up his umbrella to hold above his own head, that he has a bit of a cold himself. Carl then proceeds to read to the prisoner articles of human rights.
Frank is coughing in his dark and cold looking jail cell.  The FBI agent uses his umbrella indoors as the jail is leaky and rain is coming in.  The agent tells Frank that he has a bit of a cold as well and then starts to talk to him about proceedings.
Abagnale found the woman sick and cold inside a dirty prison cell. He starts to read a newspaper to her 
Mr Hamby is inside the French prison cell where he can see through a small window that mr. Abignal is really cold and coughing and sick > Mr Hamby then pulls out and umbrella as the roof is dripping with water and says he is feeling cold too
Mr Hanratty opened his umbrella and closed it again. He noted that the man in the sell was coughing and said he had a bit of a cold himself. He started to read out the contents of an extradition order.
Carl witnessed Frank in a bad state, cold and coughing continuously. He said he would read him something from the court of human rights.
The prisoner seems to be very sick as he is coughing. The FBI agent notices a leak in the ceiling and opens his umbrella before sitting down. As he sits down he tells the prisoner that he has a little bit of a cold himself and starts reading to him the article for extradition.
the man in the corner is still coughing. then the other man pulls out a book of rights
Hanratti goes to see the imposter in a French jail an the imposter is clearly violently ill.
Carl Hamsready is inside the prison to meet the American prisoner, the guard places down a chair infront of the jail cell, opens a small latch so Carl can see inside, where the prisoner is being held.  Carl then detects a leak from the ceiling, in which he then opens up his umbrella and sits on the chair,  the prisoner is coughing badly, Carl then says he also had a cold a little while back, in this scene we can then see that contestant two is the prisoner.  Carl proceeds to look in his briefcase for medicine to give the prisoner 
