Abignale Sr and his wife are dancing in the living room while Abignale Sr watches. They are stepping in the red wine on the rug. Then it cuts to next morning an Abignale Sr goes into Jr's bedroom and wakes him up with eggs. Ask if he has a black suit as he is not going into school today. 
Frank's Jr's father reminisces about the first time he saw his wife. Paula remains dancing and accidentally spills red wine on the cream carpet. She is upset at this. Frank Jr runs to get supplies to clean up the mess. Whilst he's gone his parents begin dancing and he returns to witness the heartwarming scene. The scene cuts to Frank Jr asleep in his bed and his father enters abruptly to wake him. He has a plate of food, and sits on the edge of his son's bed. He tells him he hasn't got to go to school but asks if he's got a black suit. Frank Jr moans with tiredness.
The woman was dancing with a man and her son was watching.
So Frank Jr creepily watched them dance over the spilt wine. Now his dad is waking him up and it seems he may have overslept.
Actor Leonardo Dicaprio started watching his parents (I think its his parents) dancing, while he was holding something to clean the carpet. And now the father in the morning tries to wake up his son.
Frank and his wife dance in around the area of the wine stain on the carpet.  Frank junior comes back into the room and watches them dance.  Then it is morning and Frank Senior wakes up Frank Junior and brings in some breakfast.  He tells his son he doesn't have to go to school today and asks if he has a black suit.
The parents are dancing as Frank Jr looks at them from the doorway.  They forget about the wine spilling and dance on top of the stained carpet.  The scene cuts to Frank Jr's bedroom, where he is sleeping.  Frank Sr tells Jr to wake up several times.  He tells Frank Jr that he doesn't have to go to school.  Then he asks him if he has a black suit.
~ frank watches on as his mum and dad are dancing around together, happy and in love. he went to get a sponge to clean up the spilled red wine the mother caused on accident, and came back to see them. his dad then comes into his room to wake him up, with some breakfast, and tells frank he doesn't need to go to school today and asks if he has a black suit.
Franks parents are dancing. Frank is running back with c loth to clear up the spilled red wine. He stops and watches his parents enjoying dancing together. The scene then cuts to the father waking up Frank abruptly in his bed with breakfast saying he doesn't need to go to school.
Franks father and mother are now dancing together as Frank Jr has gone to get something to clean a stain from the rug after his mother spilled a drop of red wine whilst dancing. When Frank Jr returns his mother and father are dancing together on the rug which worsens the stain. Frank Jr stops to watch with a look of awe at his father and mother dancing. His father is looking at him and smiling. Then Franks father bursts into his sons bedroom in the morning asking him to wake up. he has a plate of breakfast for him and then tells him he doesn't need to go to school today and if he has a black suit.
Frank Sr. and the wife dance all over the wine-stained carpet. Then Frank Sr. is waking up Frank Jr. saying he doesn't have to go to school and asking if he has a suit.
Frank returns to clean up the wine stain to find his parents dancing right on top of it, without a care in the world.  The next morning, Frank's dad wakes him up and tells him he doesn't have to go to school that day, and that he wants Frank to come with him.
Dancing scene ends with Frank looking on lovingly. Frank Sr bursts into Frank's room to wake him with breakfast. He asks Frank if he has a black suit.
Frank's father is dancing with his wife and Frank is watching from the kitchen. He looks down and notices spots of blood on the carpet. The scene fades out and opens back up with Frank being wooken up by his father who asks him if he has a black suit.
Abagnale Jr. overslept and Abagnale Sr. wakes him up claiming he doesn't have to go to school. Abagnale Sr. asks his son if he has a suit.
Frank Jr watches his mother and father dancing - they both seem oblivious to the red wine stain on the carpet and are dancing over it. Presumably the next morning, Frank Sr comes in to Frank Jrs bedroom to wake him up. He tells him to wake up and that he doesn't have to go to school today - he also asks him if he has a black suit. His soon seems confused and thinks that he's overslept.
Frank and his wife are dancing and you can see red spilled wine on the rug. The scene then changes to franks father coming into his room and telling him he needs to wake up. 
Franks mum and dad are dancing, blood is seen dripping on the floor, I believe from the mother. If then cuts to Franks dad waking him up in the morning.
Frank Junior watches his parents dance as the wine stain on the rug remains. The next day Frank Senior walks into Junior's bedroom to wake him. Frank Senior tells Junior that he doesn't need to go to school today and asks if he has a black suit. 
Frank Jr leans in the doorway (on his way back from getting something to clean up the red wine his mother Paula spilled). He looks on at his parents dancing (seemingly having forgotten about the wine stain), observing with satisfaction that they are clearly happy and in love. The scene cuts to the next morning, when Frank Sr wakes up Frank Jr in his bed. We can see comics like The Flash in the foreground. Frank Sr is holding a plate of scambled eggs and toast and insists that Frank Jr gets up immediately, but does not have to go to school today. Frank Jr is confused and asks if its a snow day. 
The parents are dancing on the rug they spilt wine on. But they dont seem to care. It suddenly transitions to frank jr in bed while the father comes in and says he does not have to go to school today but rather does he have a black suit
His father wakes Frank up with egg on toast. Frank seems tired and asks if it's snowing. His dad asks if he has a black suit.
Frank, Jr is watching his parents dance when he returns with a towel to wipe up the spilled red wine on the rug. They do not care that it is spreading on the carpet. nnNext scene, Frank Sr wakes Frank Jr from his sleep. Holds a plate of breakfast. Says he does not have to go to school today and if he has a suit.
The scene continues with Frank re-entering the room, then he watches is parents dance around on top of the wine stained carpet. The scene then cuts to a different time with Frank oversleeping in bed when his father wakes him up with breakfast and asks if he has a black suit. 
Mother and father dancing, music continues then flashes straight to the morning where the father is saying Frank, Frank wake up. He enters franks room and gives him breakfast and says he does not have to go to school today. Frank asks if it is snowing. Frank's father asks Frank if he has a black suit.
The mother spills some wine on the floor and the son rushes to get towel while his father and mother starts dancing. The son comes back and enjoys them dancing. The scene change and it is morning. The father calls his son and wakes him up and offer him breakfast 
Frank Jr. watches his parents dance.  The next scene, Frank Sr. is waking up Frank Jr.  Dad brings food into Frank Jr's bedroom, tells him he does not have to go to school that day, and asks him if he has a black suit.
frank watched his parents dance. next scene his dad wakes him up with breakfast and tries to feed him. he also said he doesn't have to go to school
The mother spills wine on the carpet so the son stops dancing with his mother to go get something to clean it up. Meanwhile the father and mother start dancing.  The son comes back and watches his father and mother continue to dance and step on the spilled wine in the carpet spreading it around.  Then it goes to the father waking the son up with breakfast and tells him he does not have to go to school. The son wonders if the reason why is because it is snowing and says he overslept. The father asks the son if he has a black suit. 
Frank Snr and Paula (Mother) are dancing together after she spilt red wine on the carpet. Frank Jr returns with tissues and milk. It then changes to Frank Snr barging into Frank Jr's bedroom asking if he has a suit.
