Camera pans to each of the men on the stage. Man commentating in the background about possible achievements of the men. 3 men walk to the right to their panels of the game show. 
The voice describe the life of one person. While the three guys was standing there listening. They are now going to install theirself qnd play
The narrator describes Frank William Amganail's accomplishments.  They include being a pedetritian, becoming an assistant attorney general in Louisiana and cashing over $4 million in fraudulent checks before turning 19.  All 3 men then go towards their podiums.
The presenter continues to introduce the swindler. He worked in a hospital posing as a pediatrician, and also in the law as a jurist or lawyer when he wasn't. He's considered a talented con man and did all this before he was 19. He swindled a lot of money.
The presenter is still describing what Frank William Abigail did during his career as a conman. He continues to list things he did such as be the assistant attorney general, the chief paediatrician of a hospital. And he did all of this whilst aged 18 or under. The three men who are each claiming to be Frank then move over to sit in part of the set as though they are going to be grilled by the presenter in the next part of the movie.
The MC was explaining the type of person Frank was - apparently he was notorious conman who committed very sinister crimes during his teenage years.
Three men stand on stage claiming to be frank william abignail. The narrator explains how they had faked being an airplane pilot and an attorney general and before they reached 19 had cashed in millions. Following the end of the narration, the men go and sit down on a sofa.
thre candidates are in a tv contest, the competitors need to find out who is the real person, two are false. The person is a famous con.
They described this cone man and the three men they went for a seat 
The show host starts listing things that Frank Abignail did. The host lists things like flying as a pilot, being a doctor, an assistant lawyer, cashing 4 million in cheques, and finally says that all this was done before 19th birthday. The 3 contestants walk off the centre stage and behind 3 booths that are waiting for them on the side. Seems like the game show is about to start.
The announcer describes the number of high flying jobs, such as airline captain, and a doctor that the person as had and the huge amount of money they have stolen by using fraudulent cheques before their 19th birthday. This guy is a con man and  has stolen millions and millions of dollars, across 26 countries and all 50 states of America. They have all moved to be seated
So the three men standing in front while the host describes the impersonator imposter. He says what the person got away with through out the years and the men stand there listening to him. They then move towards three posts labeled 1, 2 and 3. 
The person in the middle is actually leonrado di caprio. Claims to be assistant eterny general and made alot of money through 50 different states all before he turned 19
whilst the 3 potential con men were standing in the middle of the floor, the presenter wrote of a list of the crimes that were committed by the con man, before the 3 potential con men went and took a seat.
3 guys are claiming to be a conman who made 4 million by the age of 19 impersonating various people including a pilot
The host described the situation where the imposters actions. The host of the show stated the imposter cashed almost 4 million dollars in fraudulent checks in 26 countries and all 50 states. The three men who are impersonating Frank William Abigal, one of them would be the youngest and most daring con man in U.S. history doing this before their 19th birthday. The three men then walked over to the right.
The narrator continues to describe the exploits of Frank William Avignale(?), saying he was a resident paediatrician in Georgia and was the youngest conman in US history, committing $4 million in cheque fraud in 26 countries.
All three people moved over to the desk. The real Frank William Abignale had also committed fraud by cashing fake cheques before their 19th birthday.
3 men came out onto the stage, all saying their name is Frank Abignail. The host described the crime of the actual Frank Abignail and then the 3 took a set.
the second Frank William Aigail is a pediatrition and the third is an assistant attorney in Georgia. They all claim to be the most successful and daring fraudster in US history stealing $40m across 26 states in the USA before his 19th birthday.
The host of the show was carrying on with the same speech. He made a reference to how Frank William Abignale pretended to be an doctor and an attorney general too. He also mentioned how that man had claimed $4million from fradulent behaviour before he was 19. At the end of the speech, the three contestants started to move over to their respective stands like a normal gameshow. 
Three impostors enter a game show. They all introduce themselves as famed conman, Frank William Abagnale. The host talks about all the fraudulent activities Frank has committed, cashing over 4 million dollars in over 26 foreign countries before the age of 19.
All three men have the same name, however, one of them was the youngest con man in US history. He even faked being a pilot and make quite some money while doing it.
The announcer said Frank William Abignail had pretended to be a hospital worker, an attorney general and had cashed over $4 million in cheques before he was 19.
Before the age of 19 cashed cheques of up to $40 million fraudulently within 26 countries and 50 states and was the youngest con man. Zooms in on each of them and tells you that they were also a pediatrician. 
So the narrator continued speaking in the voice of Frank William Abignail. The three-man were all standing still while he was narrating who Frank William was and what he has achieved over they years. After he finished narrating three man walked off the stage
three men are on a programme saying they are the conman Frank William Abignail.   
The 3 contestants allegedly are conmen defrauding thousands of money
The voiceover says the person had impersonated a doctor and also a US state attorney and cashed lots of cheques. The men then walk over to a desk and sit down.
They were all still stood there. The voice over said that during this time he became a senior pilot, a paediatrician and a lawyer for the state of louisiana. Cashed checks of $4m in 26 countries, and all 50 states. When he was caught he was classed as the most sophisticated con man of all time. And all before his 19th birthday. they then sat down.
