Frank on all fours crawls across the prison corridor whilst the guards and carl are walking to catch up to him. They reach him and a gun is pointed at the top of his head, frank lays on his back on the floor whilst carl is seen walking above him. 
The prisonner get caught in the corridor. The man stop it while pulling a gun to his face. nThe prisonner laughed as he knew its was over
Frank escaped through the door.  He is stumbling down a prison where rows of prisoners are cheering him on.  He falls to his feet and starts crawling.  He is still coughing.  The guards follow him, catch him, and point a gun to his head.  Frank collapses on the ground and gives up.  Carl catches up to Frank and looks at him.
The prisoner continues to flee, but on all fours into the corridor, where all the others prisoners are shouting from behind a grate. The policemen walk quickly behind him and reach his level. The chief puts his pistol to the prisoner's head, and he immediately stops moving foward. He sits down breathless, while policemen shout at the prisoners behind the grate. The FBI agent looks at the prisoner.
Frank got away and was out the door and running. Due to his ill health he collapsed down to the floor again. This enabled Kyle and the French guards and police to catch up to him. A gun was put to Frank's head and he collapsed. This took place in front of the many other French prisoners in a rowdy atmosphere.
Frank tried to escape prison but was caught. Seems to be genuinely sick
There are loud noises coming from the inmates as frank attempts to escape prison. However, he sounds very ill and collapses on the floor just as the man with the hat and prison guards reach him.
Franks flees from this bed, always caughing, the police catches him and he lieas down on the floor with open arms looking up to the other prison mates.
The policemen was following Frank as he was crawling because he is sick and the pointed the gun on him
After franks attempt to escape, he is seen running through the ground level of the prison. All the other prisoners on above levels are cheering at him. Frank struggles to run as he is very sick, and eventually starts crawling on the floor. The guards walk up to him behind him, along with kyle. Eventually they catch up to him and one of the higher ranked guards(maybe the warden) points a small gun at franks head. Frank stops and lies down on the ground. The other guards are calling at the prisoners, probably to get back in their cells and stop making noise.
The prisoner Frank is trying to escape down the corridor, cheered on by the other prisoners but he keeps collapsing,coughing badly, tries to crawl away but the guards and the FBI guy quickly catch up with him. One guy pulls a gun and presses it against the head of Frank. Frank falls onto his back with a bit of a smile as the FBI guy stands over him
We hear men cheering or being rowdy behind the bars as frank crawls on his knees through the passage while coughing. There is a group of men who follow behind him and one of them points a gun to his head. 
Frank tries to escape and all the inmates are cheering at him. He is followed by the guards. When the catch up to him, one holds a gun to his head. Frank ten falls back and lies down
the prisoner is trying to escape but he can only cruel due to being unwell, he is being chased by a number of guards and the detective, the guards catch up to the escaping prisoner and 1 of the guards puts a gun to the prisoners head, he drops to the floor on his back defeated as the detective stands over him.
well the guy in the cell got took to the infirmary to wait for a doctor,when the usa policeman was talking to the guards the guy sneaked out,he didnt get far they caught him at gunpoint in the corridor
The man who was suffering was trying to get away. He went past a bunch of other prisoners who were cheering him on. He then began to crawl and the men caught up to him. They placed a gun to the back of his head and he laid on the ground.
Frank continues trying to escape, crawling on the floor while Carl and the guards quickly catch up to him, one holding a gun to his head. Frank stops and falls backwards onto the floor, looking up as Carl walks into his field of view. 
Frank crawled along the floor, coughing, being followed by the guards. They then caught up with him and put a gun to his head. He ley backwards on the floor with his arms outstretched.
I think they were taking Frank to a cell. They were walking with him throught the halls of a prison and he lays down on the floor in front of them.
Frank crawls coughing and spluttering along the corridor lined by jail cells and is followed by the frenchman, Hanratty and a number of prison guards. Hanratty walks up to Frank, who is kneeling, and puts a gun to his head. Frank collapses to the ground and lying on the floor puts up his habds in submission. 
As Abignale was trying to escape, he was clearly actually still very ill. He was coughing and struggling to run. The guards came from the same direction and by the time they saw Frank he was on the ground trying to crawl away. When they got to him, they put a gun to his head and Frank stopped moving. He then fell to the ground and sprawled out his arms and legs. Hanratty, FBI, then moved towards him and stood above him. 
Frank is delivered into the infirmary. While everyone else is distracted, he manages to escape. However, he is too ill to make a complete getaway and the guards quickly apprehend him.
The con man found his way back into the cell room running away but the guards have caught up to him even putting a gun to his head.
Frank fell on the prison floor. The policeman put a gun to his head. Frank fell back and looked up.
Frank is crawling through the corridor and the rest of the inmates are cheering him on. He is still coughing and wheezing and the leader of the guards walks up to him and puts a gun to his head. Frank then stops and lies down on the floor and looks up at the guy with glasses. 
The prisoners kept on cheering on Franklin as he struggled to walk on the prison corridors while he was busy coughing. The prison warders caught him right there in the corridors and Henred pointed a gun at his head. Franklin realized that he had been caught so he had no choice but to surrender laying down oh his back
Frank is taken ro the medical wing of the prison where he trys to escape but does not get far.
As frank was crawling down  the passage, the FBI caught up with him, and a gun pointed to the top of his head. He subsequently flopped down on the floor with his arms stretched uot and laughed
The prisoner Frank crawls along the floor struggling to move whilst still coughing. The prison guards enter he corridor behind him and walk towards him. They reach him easily and one puts a gun to his head. Frank puts up his hands and falls backwards onto his back with his arms outstretched. The american looks down at him.
Frank continues to crawl along the floor to cheers from the other prisoners. The French guards and Carl catch up to Frank and the chief warden puts a gun to his head and Frank lies down on his back. Carl stands over Frank and says Oh Frank
