Carl, the FBI agent, is allowed to see Frank in a French prison on Christmas Eve. It looks like he is solitary confinement in a high security cell. When Carl sees Frank he appears to be quite ill, and he is taken aback by this. They are about to have a conversation it seems.
the general took the person to a room and showed everything
The FBI arrive at the prison, it is vary heavy rain and they demand to see the prisoner (the con man). The FBI Agent is led into the prison and a stool is placed outside of the prison cell. The guard opens the hatch and barks instructions to say that they are not to pass him anything or do anything other than ask questions. The agent looks into the cell and the prisoner vomits, he is curled up in the corner of the cell wrapped in a blanket.
The video pans to Marseille France and away from the game show to tom hanks playing the role of some type official being taken into some dark quarantined typed area of a building that looks like a lock up, he is escorted into this area and told to sit down, and not to pass anything through the flap in the wall whereby a lady ca be seen through a vent in the wall that flaps downward in his direction, the lady looks dishevelled, worn out, and dirty and hiding in under  blanket seemingly looking vulnerable and locked up in a room behind this adjoining vent
Hanraddy continues down the dark hallway of the prison. The guard sets up a small stool with instructions not to give the prisoner anything through the small slit of a viewing window. Hanraddy opens the window and observes the prisoner wrapped in a moth eaten blanket, coughing and shivering. 
Hanratty, the FBI man, is escorted into a dingy cell complex where a gruff French official roughly sets out a stool and curtly informs Hanratty that he is to have no physical contact of any kind with Abagnale. Left alone, Hanratty stares through the grille of the prison door at the coughing, waking Abagnale huddled under a dirty sheet and is shocked at his appearance  
The American FBI agent is in France on Christmas Eve.  Frank has been apprehended by the French police, and is in solitary confinement.  The FBI agent is allowed to speak to him through a small grate.
Frank is describing how he got caught by a man called Carl Henredy. In the scene Carl arrives at a foreign prison where Frank is being held in a gruesome cell and does not seem to in good health.
the fbi agent is brought to the prisoners' cell and given instructions from the guard.he is appalled at the appearance of the prisoner.
The FBI agent from America was given the chance to talk to the prisoner but was ordered not to open the door or pass anything to the prisoner.
2nd one is questioned -  who caught you    it was Carl Hanrahan of the FBI -  shows carl being interviewed in pouring rain,   Then cuts to Marsaile on xmas eve - - wet - Carl is being shown into a jail - cvloses his umbrella and follows the warder to a cell - given a chair and told he can only speak through a grill to the prisoner not to give him anything when he looks through the grill he sees a very ill looking frank wrapped ina tattered blanketn
The FBI agent is taken to a closed cell and given a run down of the rules of not engaging with the prisoner while they talk. The guard walks off and the FBI agent looks through the door at the prisoner, who is shabbily dressed, unkempt and coughing uncontrollably. 
Detective Handratty is told some rules by a prison guard as he takes a seat and visits frank abagnail jr. The prison guard opens a viewing box and says that handratty shouldn't pass anything through etc. Handratty looks inside to see Abagnail Jr. coughing and covered up by a tattered blanket. He looks unwell.
Carl Hanratty has arrived at a prison (which seems to be in France) and he's sat down outside the cell to talk to Frank, who looks in a bad state and has a very bad cough
The FBI agent goes to visit the fraudster in a French jail. He walks into a very grey and dark looking room where the French guard tells him to sit on a stool and not to open the door. The agent sits on the stool and looks through a grill into the cell containing the fraudster. He is coughing, is wrapped in a blanket and looks unkempt with long hair.
The character is taken into what looks like a prison cell - its very dark and is told to sit down and not touch the door. He then looks through hole in the wall into the next cell and sees someone wrapped in a blanket coughing badly 
The french jailer leads the man called Hanratty to a cell, sets down a stool and tells him to sit on it, and that he can't pass him anything through the bars. He opens a small letterbox sized hatch in the door, and Hanratty hears coughing from inside. Looking in as he sits down, he sees what appears to be a very ill and long haired contestant 2 from the previous scene.
the Tom hanks character is walked though the doors and into a dingy looking prison and takes him down the dark corridor past other doors. He then comes to a door at the end of the corridor and I think he states he will be watched or not allowed to close so he doesn't past him anything through the door. nHe then walks off and speaks in another language to the guard behind them. Tom hanks kneels down and looks into the room hearing coughing in the darkness. The coughing sounds quite bad and tom hank begins to talk. 
The man that caught the fraudster went to the French Jail to visit him and was told to just sit on a stool to talk to him and not to pass anything through to him through the hole in the wall. The man then looked through the whole and saw that the fraudster was in a bad way
The detective is shown to a seat in an area near where the imposter is locked up by a prison guard and told to sit down and not put anything into the drop box. When the prison guard leaves the detective goes over to the door hatch where the man is locked up and looks in to see the man wrapped in a blanket and coughing. 
You didn't miss much. The FBI officer just sat down to chat with the prisoner.
Hanratty is shown to the cell door, given a stool to sit on, and instructed not to pass anything to Abagnale.  He peers through the door window and we see Abagnale huddled in a blanket, coughing and sputtering, while incarcerated within a very wet prison cell.  
The FBI agent responsible for catching Frank Abignail was led to a visitation room in a french prison and has been instructed about the way he should act while interacting with the prisoner.
Detective Hanready was escorted into a dark prison and was told to have a seat in front of a prison cell. He looked inside the cell where he observed who I presume is Frank
The FBI agent was taken into a room next to a cell and told to sit on a chair and not pass anything through a hatch to the prisoner.  He then looked through a grill.  You heard the prisoner cough and then sore blood on what looked like a handkerchief. 
Hanratty followed the guard into the prison to a cell door. Guard pointed to a stool, and said You sit here. Do not pass him anything through the hole as he opened a small food door on the cell door. Guard walked away, Hanratty sat down, looked through the grating and saw Frank huddled in a gray blanket, coughing and looking unwell. Hanratty said Jesus.
so Tom Hanks, which is an actor of the movie entered to the jail to see the main character
The FBI agent is inside the jail meeting with the main character con-man, and he seems sick inside his cell.
the man gets taken to prison and is advised on what to not do. the man is looking through one of the prison cells and sees a prisoner coughing. 
TOm Hanks has been led into a room and told not to open the door or pass anything through the hole. He is looking through the hole at a prisoner who is coughing. 
