Camera shows carl entering a prison with two other men which they seem to be the guards. They walk down the corridor of the prison and a seat is placed for carl. He is told to sit there and not to open the door. 
A FBI man is looking for a prisonner in a french prison. He's gonna interview him
Carl Handwratty is led into a secure and metal prison.  The guard pulls up a stool sits in near a door and gives Carl orders on what and what not to do.  He tells Carl to sit there and not to open the door.
The FBI agent enters the prison accompanied by two French police officers. The policeman leading the way grabs a chair and places it in front of a closed cell door. He explains to the FBI agent that he musn't open the door or the food trap, to keep his distance.
Kyle is being led into the cells by a French member of staff. It is raining a lot and is a dim day. Kyle is told to sit on a stool by the staff member and to not open the door. This must because the prisoner Kyle will see is considered dangerous.
They just started showing Carl Hamready(?), the guy who caught Frank going into a prison
Three men are in a prison walking through a corridor. They get to a small room where a guy with a german sounding accent pulls a chair up and informs the gentlemen in the hat to sit there and not to open any of the doors. A dripping sound ominously plays in the background.
The FBI agent arrives at a french prison to meet the famous con, which is recalling the moment
The FBI guy went into this prison followed by the policemen so the policemen is giving instructions that that he must sit down and not open any doors
Through the looking glass of a locked door, we see the police officers and the american fbi agent Kyle Hanratty open the door and walk through. The police officers walk Kyle down to the end of the short hall and give some instructions to him, presumably before they give access to the prisoner frank abignail. The officer gives him a small stool to sit on, and says to him you sit here, points to a door and says you do not open that door and then points to a kind of opening panel in the wall and says you do not pass and now we are at the next part.
The FBI agent Carl Hanratty is escorted into what looks like a prison and told to sit down, and to not open the door
There are three men who walk towards the door, the man in the front opens the door and is followed by two gentlemen wearing black hats. The man in the front pulls out the door and instructs one of the man to sit down and tells him that he is not allowed to open the door. 
3 men walk into what looks like a very secure jail. He is told to sit down and not open the door or press any buttons.
the detective walked down a murky corridor with 2 other men, 1 of the men took a seat and told him to sit down, he then told the detective that he is not to open the door or the hatch.
the 3 guys are being asked questions to reveal who the real conman is,one of them said he was caught by a police officer,we then head to france i think they are in a prison which is very secure,and the police officer is about to interview the guy i think.
The men appeared to open a locked jail cell. The walked into the room and around the corner. One man grabbed a stool and starting instructing the other to sit there and not move.
Carl Hanratty is led inside a prison with two guards and is taken to the cells. One guard pulls up a chair outside a cell door and tells him that he's to sit outside and not to open the door.
Tom Hanks, in a wet coat, went in to visit. He was given a seat to sit on and told not to open the door.
It looks like a private investigator caught the criminal and proceeded to take him in for questioning.
Carl Hanratty of the FBI has gone to Marseille in France to visit Abigail. It is rainging heavily. Hanratty goes to the prison holding an umbrella where Abigail is held. He meets a prison warder who gives him strict instructions. There is a seat in the middle of corridor and the warder tells Hanratty not o move from that seat  
The FBI man, Hanratty, finally gets let in to the prison. He gets told to sit on a seat and stay away from the door and that they will open a cover for him to speak to Abignale through. It was like a diner seat but at normal height. This was at nighttime. 
The scene showed the FBI agent who later goes on to catch Frank William Abagnale starting his investigation. He meets some foreign police officers who lead him into one of the cells.
The person who caught the con artist is back in time entering a looked vault, could also be a prison of some sort.
Karl Hanratty and two French policemen enter a corridor and walk along. At the end one policeman says to sit on a stool and not open the door.
The first man with the bald head unlocks a metal door and the 3 men walk through. The bald man leads the way and about half way down a dark corridor picks up a chair. When he reaches the end of the corridor he places the stool down. He says to the man with the briefcase and glasses to sit down and that he is not to press... 
Three man opened the prison door and Cole Henred was among them with an umbrella and a bag in his hand. The other older man who walked into the prison with him offered him a chair to sit on , and he ordered him not to touch anything there
An FBI agent is sent to collect Frank and return him to the USA.
They took the suspect in to prison and told him to sit down on a stool and not open the door
The american is let into the prison and is led up a grey corridor with doors either side. The french prison guard gets out a stool and tells him to sit on it and that he is not to open the door in front of him.
FBI agent Carl Hanratty enters a prison with 2 others. They then go down the prison corridor. A chair is placed outside the cell. FBI is told by the French prison warden to sit on the chair and not to open the door or pass anything.
