There are three individuals dressed in pilot clothing who walk in on a game show all stating that they are the same individual. 
The show opens up to a game show stage and the host introduces their first guest as having made a career out of being an outrageous imposter. Three men step out onto the stage dressed as plane pilots, each introducing themselves as Frank William Abagnale. The host's voiceover explains that between 1964 to 1967, they impersonated a Pan Am pilot and flew over 2000000 miles for free. The second man in the lineup is noticeably Leonardo Dicaprio, an actor who played Frank William Abagnale in the film Catch Me If You Can.     
The game show has started with three guys dressed as pilots coming onto the show. They all claim to be the same person Frank Abignale who impersonated a PanAm pilot for quite a few years and flew around 2 million miles.
Three guys walk out on a talk show. They are all dressed the same and all say that they are the same guy. The hosts says that the person has pretended to be a pilot for years
Three airline pilots walked out onto the game show and they all share the same name. The gameshow host has began detailing their backgrounds.
The start of a game show called To Tell the Truth. 3 men in Pilots uniforms appear on the stage, all three state their names to be Frank William Abignale, and that their truth was that they pretended to be an airline pilot from 1964-1967 for Pan Am Airline and they flew 2 million miles for free.
There is some kind of game show and it is being told that there is an impostor among two of the 3 people on stage. All 3 men say that they are the same person. They will have to guess who is the impostor and who is not is my guess. 
A large set of doors on the set opens to reveal 3 different people, all dressed as airline pilots. They all claim to be the same person, Frank, who spent years impersonating a pilot for Pan Am Airlines.
The host is trying to find the imposter. 3 men walk onto the stage all stating their names are Frank Abagnal
the host called on three pilots on stage and asked their names. They all had the same name (Frank William Ebenail). The host said that for the past years he impersonated someone and flew a huge amount of hours.
They brought out 3 guests on the show and all 3 said their names and they were the exact same.  The announcer is describing what the person who is telling the truth actually did.
Three men came out and all claimed to be Abignale. The host started describing how Abignale impersonated an airline pilot and flew over 2 million miles for free.
The game show starts and the host introduces the three contestants as they walk out. They all introduce themselves as Frank and the host starts saying the first statement. 
A 70s 80s style game show is beginning, and they are trying to identify which of three men is the imposter. They all walk out and each claim they have the name of the imposter.
The show is to tell the truth, and we see 3 people who are all supposed to be frank William Avignail, and we here that he flew as a pilot fraudulently a lot of miles and we need to determine which one is him
The movie is Catch Me If You Can.nnThe scene in the movie that I am being shown is from an old game show called To Tell The Truth.nnThe show opens and 3 men walk out onto the stage from behind the curtain.nnThe 3 men are revealed to be possible impersonators of Frank Abagnale.
Three people came out from behind the screen and they each said in turn they were frank william abignail. The presenter then said that from 1964 to 1967 the person they are succesfully impersonated a pan am pilot and flew 2 million miles.
Three men come out in pilot uniforms and all claim to have the same name and claimed to do the same things. But only one of them is who they claim to be. 
The programme is catch me if you can. The presenter called in 3 different men  in naval uniform forward to introduced themselves. They all introduced themselves as Frank.Same first name, same surname.
Three men walk on screen and claim to be the inspiration behind the movie Catch me if you Can. One of the men is Leonardo Di Caprio. 
The host of the game show brings out there people, 2 of who are pretending to be Frank.
A game host announces that there is a imposter and then 3 men started walking and all three of them say their names which all the names are the same.
The show called catch me if you can, the operator calls up 3 people, they all say that they are Frank whatever I don't know the last name, one of them was DiCaprio, then the operator says something about that Frank is an airline driver, and flew 2million miles for free
Three men enter the stage of a talk show wearing pilot uniforms. The talk show host introduces the three men saying they impersonated an Airline pilot. Each man states their name, frank William abigneil.  You can hear the live crowd clapping.
Three men walk out all claiming to be F.W.A 
The host of the game show introduces three men dressed as airline pilots who walk through the opening doors in front of the camera. He says that one of them is an imposter. They each individually introduce themselves as Frank William Agignail. The host then states that the real Frank impersonated an airline pilot for years in the 1960's for Panam and  flew 2000 miles for free. 
three men came out dressed as pilots, pretending to be a pilot who flew over 2 million miles for free for Panam airways - based on the catch me if you can story
Three contestants came on the stage and they said their name one is an imposter.  And the man said I fly over 2 million miles.
The three men on the show are all proposing to be William Abingale, a con artist who spent 3 years pretending to be an airline pilot. They each in turn introduce there selves.I think they want us to guess who is the real William.
It is a television programme where three men dressed identically in black suits and white shirts walk onto the stage.  They  introduce themselves with the same name.  The host says that the person named is a pilot for Pan Am
