Frank is apprehended in the prison after trying to escape. He lies on his back and seems defeated and says let's go gome to Carl, seemingly back to the US. We then cut abruptly to some kind of recogition ceremony, which looks like a scene from much earlier in Frank's life.
the general was giving speech
Frank falls to the fall on his back, looking up he sees other prisoners looking down from the level above banging plates and mugs. He looks to the agent and says, OK Carl, lets get me home.
The ecamera pans to frank having escaped from the prison hospital ward back to the prison ward after the gun was pointed add his head having dragged himself along the prison coridor first, he then is sprawled out on his back in a star postion admiting defeat and telling tom hanks he is ready to go home, the camera pans to some sort of goverment official speaking on stahe amd frank seemingly in good shape in his army, uniform
Frank turns over and lies supine on the floor. He realises and accepts his capture and says, Ok Frank, let's go home. The scene then cuts to a previous time where a speaker is giving a speech about induction into a rotary club and how rare it is. We see the young profile of Frank among the audience members. 
Frank slumps back on the floor and spreadeagles himself. Let's go home, Karl, he tells Hanratty. We then have what looks like a flashback to a function run by the Rotary Club in America where a clean neat Frank sits at a table in the audience as the host of the event builds up to an award he is about to hand out   
Frank tried to make an escape and was caught.  He tells the FBI agent lets go home.  It then cuts to an awards ceremony?
The gentlemen who escorted Frank to the prison hospital are vigorously washing their hands claiming they might have gotten ice from Frank. Carl orders them to get a doctor to attend to Frank as his condition does not look good. Just then they all hear the door creaking only to realise that Frank is gone. They do not have to look far since Frank is indeed in a poor condition and can not even walk up straight.
Frank was caught as he tried to crawl away.He then told the agent to take him home. We cut to a later scene where an award is being presented.
The prisoner was caught trying to escape from prison and he surranded and was taken back to America.
Carl demands to know what they are doing since he wants frank on a plane to the states -   they tur round and see a door closing and frank has gone.     Scen e cuts to a prison corridor with franks stagering along   prisoners cheering and the warders and carl walking towards him.   A warder puts a pistol to his hear - frank has collapsed  - looks up at carl and says   lets go home.      Then scene cuts to a rotary club award dinner  - Franks is at a table
Frank falls on his back and gives up his escape. The FBI agent walks up and Frank says 'Ok Carl let's go home' and curls up on the floor. There is a scene skip and an orator on a stage is now reading a speech during an award ceremony. A cleaner looking Frank is visible in a blue uniform.
Frank crawls away from the guards but they catch up and put a gun to his head. He surrenders and falls onto his back with his hands up as Handratty stands over him. Frank says Okay karl. Let's go home and the camera pans out with him on his back on the floor. We then switch scenes to some kind of awards ceremony where a, much less sick looking, frank is wearing a school uniform. The awards ceremony is red.
After trying to escape, Frank was caught by the guards as he was in such an ill state he could not run. The clip finished with what looks like a flashback to someone being honoured at a rotary club dinner. A young Frank is in the audience.
Frank has been caught trying to escape. He lays on the floor after a gun is pointed to his head by a guard. Lots of prisoners look on from their cells jeering and cheering. Frank says to the FBI agent Carl, ok Carl let's go home. Then the scene shows Franks past at an awards ceremony.
Frank falls back on prison floor and says on lets go home. Then it cuts to a scene in a court room with him giving evidence 
Frank falls onto his back and smiles in surrender. Hanratty looks over him as he looks up and says 'Ok Carl... let's go home'. The camera pans out and the scene switches to a hall in which a smartly dressed American man is giving a speech to the New Rochelle rotary club with a club logo and a US flag in the background. A younger Frank is sat listening.
as it had shown frank had ran away from the infirmary and was making his way through the prison cell corridor, all the inmates nosily cheering him on and banging on the gates. As he was crawling away, still coughing violently, he looked back and the guards and the rest had started walking down the corridor after him. He continued to crawl away, and they inevitably caught up with him and the boss holds a gun to his head to stop him crawling away any further. They then start to tell the prisoners to be quiet and franks slowly falls backwards onto the floor in defeat. Tom hanks stands over him and frank says okay lets do it your way or whatever he said i can't quite remember. and then it changes to a scene where a man is talking about a society going back to 1919 and the camera shows a younger Frank, more cleaned up, shorter hair, and appears to be in uniform 
ad=fter the fraaudster trying to escape, the prison wardens put a gun to his head and the frauster laid on the floor and told the American man to take him home. Then the film goes to which I presume is back in time to where the fraudster is in a room dressed in a pilots uniform and there is a speech being made
the man collapses on the floor and tells the detective let's go home. The next scene there is a man giving a speech to a room.
Frank laid down on the fall after they caught him and he said to the FBI officer, 'okay frank, let's go home'. Another scene starts with a man giving a speech.
After Frank is caught, he falls backwards on the floor and says to Henratty, 'okay, let's go home'.  The scene then cuts to some official American court or committee but it is too early in the scene for me (a non American) to recognise yet where this scene is taking place or who is speaking.  
After the guards have caught up with the prisoner after his botched escape attempt, he collapses, surrendering himself, and asking the FBI agent, who has just approached him to be taken home.nThe scene then cuts to some kind of an official making a proclamation.
Frank laid out on the prison floor after being caught by officers. He then said to Hanready, Ok Carl, lets go home. The scene cut to a man on stage talking about how the Rotary Club had only seen a handful of members inducted.
After they all caught Frank, Frank said to the FBI agent OK Carl lets go home.  It then cut to the next scene where a man was giving a speech about induction, Frank was sat in the room  at the time.
Frank sits up, the warden (who is in fact not a doctor like i'd thought) removes the gun and steps back, and Frank lays back onto the floor with his arms up. Hanratty looks down at him. Okay Carl, let's go home. Frank says.nScene fades into a new one, a flashback with a man making a speech about lifetime memberships into the Rotary Club, and the camera pans to a younger, healthier looking Frank sitting at a table, not paying the speech any mind
So Frank tries to scape from the hospital at the prison, and he gets caught again. Then he tells Tom Hanks that he is ready to go home and the next scene it seems that he is already in America 
He passed out in the jail, and now there is a flash forward or flash back. I am not sure which.
the man got injected and passed out in the prison now the prisoner is out of prison  and is in place 
A politician is speaking on a podium. Frank has left the prison.
