Scene that happens 6 years earlier shows frank senior walk onto the stage for his award. He congratulates and thanks his wife, friend and son frank junior. 
Frank make a speech we learnt that the prisonner his is son.
Frank takes the podium.  He thanks the club president, his wife and his son.  The audience applauds each time.
Franck Abignail begins his speech by thanking the mayor who is present, the club president too, then his loving wife and his son, Franck junior.
Frank William Abignail Senior is speaking to the Rotarians. He is being clapped by the Rotary Club audience. It seems as though there are many influential people in the audience. Frank Senior thanks the Chairman and also thanks his wife and his son, Frank William Abigail Junior. Frank William Abigail Junior is the main protagonist in our story.
Frank's Dad seems to be a person of merit, and won an award.
A man called frank is stood on stage receiving a award and is thanking the audience, the mayor and his family. The audience is clapping and then he thanks his son frank jr, who turns out to be the guy we had previously seen.
The real Frank is giving a lecture, adressing and thanking the public sitting in several tables.
Frank's dad is being called into the stage and he is thanking everyone including his smoking wife and son
Franks father is accepting some kind of award and is giving his speech. He thanks the organisation, the president of the organisation and also says he is honoured to be here with his wife and son. He is about to ask his son to stand up so people can see him, and the camera cuts to a smiling, young frank.
The man,Frank Abagnate stands up and gives an thank you speech , crowd are clapping and he thanks his wife and then his son, who we can see is a slightly younger version of the conman in the film-  it is revealed that they share the same name,  he is Frank Abagnate jnr
We see a man on stage giving a speech to the crowd, we discover that this man is frank' father. He thanks the people that he thinks are the most important and asks frank to join him up on the stage. people keep clapping in the crowd. 
There is some sort of conference or award. People are clapping and the man on the stands thanks alot of people including his wife and his son Frank
the man makes a speech in which he acklowedges the mayor and his wife.
the guy from the prison is having a flashback his fathers a very important guy
The mayor was joined by his son, wife, and club president at a large banquet event. The son of the mayor seemed to be the imposter from the beginning.
Frank begins his speech, thanking the Mayor, the club president, his wife Paula and his son Frank Jr.
Frank was at the gala dinner and thanked his wife Paula, and also that his son Frank Junior was there too.
They are all at some sort of ceremony and Frank's dad gets called up to accept and award or something.
Frank is standing on the stage to give his acceptance speech. He thanks the Rotary Club president, Robert Wanger, its chairman, Jonathon Barnes and then his wife, Paula, the camera pans to her ,and son, Frank Junior who is also shown on screen.
Frank Sr started his speech. He thanked the mayor and then the head of the club they were part of. After that he thanks his wife and then Frank Jr too. 
Frank's father is giving an award acceptance speech, giving thanks to his peers, his wife and his son.
Frank has won a reward handed by the major in front of his colleagues and family.
Frank senior gives his acceptance speech. He thanks the rotary members and his wife and his son Frank.
Frank gets up on stage and makes a speech saying thank you and that he is humbled but also that he is thankful to his wife Paula and his son Frank junior (the guy who was just in jail). 
The crowd continued cheering up for Franklin as he walked up to the stage . He mentioned how grateful he was to the manager, but most importantly to his wife and his son Franklin Junior
The scene shows the real Frank being honoured at a rotary club function six years before the prison scene.
Frank declared the thanks to Robert Wagner, to his wife Paula and his son Frank junior
The man gives a speech thanking the mayor and his wife and also his son, Frank Junior, who is the man from the prison earlier.
Frank Senior gives his speech giving thanks to the chair and president, but also to his wife and son Frank Jr who he asks to stand up.
