Abignale is holding a necklace that belongs to Darcy the shop owner. He says that he found it outside and it must have slipped off her neck. 
Frank Snr holds out the chain to Darcy (the shopkeeper) and says that it must have fallen off of her neck. It is implied that Mr Abernathy Snr is bribing the shopkeeper to let them in early in order to procure Frank Jr a suit.
i didnt see much
He told her that the necklace must have slipped right off her neck while trying to smile at her but it comes off as kind of creepy.
The father of Leonardo's character tells the woman about an important topic, while showing her a jewel.
Frank Senior tells the lady in the shop that the necklace must have slipped right off her neck and smiles at her.
Franks dad tells Darcy that her necklace must have slipped right off her neck.
~ while frank and his dad are desperately trying to get into the suit shop to loan a black suit he needs for a meeting, the shop keeper darcy states they don't loan suits and are closed. franks dad then pulls out a necklace, asks darcy if it's hers and pulls a cheeky smile, as if to say i'm doing you a favour, you do me one.
the father is trying to bribe a shopkeeper int opening the shop early. He is trying to bribe her with a necklace that he 'found' in the car park. He gives her a creepy smile.
Franks father is at the entrance to closed shop and says it must have slipped right of your neck
Frank said it must have slipped right off your neck
Frank's dad bribes Doris with a necklace to see if she'll let them in the store.
Frank Sr wants to buy him a suit but the store isn't open. He lies to the store clerk them tries to bribe her with a necklace he pretends he just found in the parking lot.
We are watching Frank's father try and convince a shop keepeer to open up early and lend a suit for Frank. He is being very smooth and bribes her with a necklace
Abagnale Sr. shows a necklace to Darcy, claiming he found it in the parking lot and that it must've slipped off her neck.
Frank Sr says to Darcy that her necklace must have slipped off her neck and he smiles charmingly. 
A man says it must have slipped right off your neck through some bars and smiles.
Franks dad was talking to someone
Frank senior looks at the woman and smiles. He tells her the necklace must have slipped off her neck.
To answer the question literally, Frank Sr just saying 'it must have slipped right of your neck' (talking about the necklace, belonging to the shopkeeper Darcy, that he mysteriously has). 
Frank is holding a necklace and says to the woman it must of slipped right off your neck.
Somone was speaking through a window. I didn't quite catch what they said, but it sounded like a threat and the man grinned at the end.
Frank Sr is bribing the saleslady with a necklace to open early to make a suit for Frank Jr. Said he found the necklace in the parking lot. Said it must have slipped off your neck.
Frank's dad makes a joke about how the woman could have lost her necklace. 
The father is talking to the screen. Sorry I couldn't hear what he said! We need to watch this movie again when you are less sleepy.
After showing the necklace the man smiles and says this must've been fallen off your neck
There is a close up of Frank Sr. smiling and telling Darcy (the woman at the shop) that the necklace must have slipped right off of her neck.
franks father told the woman the necklace must have slipped from her neck
The father is looking for a suit for his son and the shopkeeper is not having it.  He then shows her a necklace and asked if it was hers. He tells Darcy it must have slipped right off her neck outside of the shop. She seems kind of like in disbelief like she does not believe it. 
Frank Jr requires a suit. Frank Sr presents to Darcy, a golden necklace that was found outside. He tries to bribe her by saying it must of fallen off her neck.
