3 men are a part of game show where the contestants have to guess which of the men is the real one. All the men purport to be Frank Abignale who impersonated a pan-am airline pilot for several years. 
Three men are shown and are described as being Frank Abegnale. A description of successful cons they have carried out is spoken by a voiceover individual. One was that he impersonated an airline pilot. Another was that he impersonated a doctor. It is implied that panelists will have to guess which of the three individuals the voiceover is referring to.
There were 3 gentlemen that were being introduced, one of them has impersonated a pilot and flew miles for free, another impersonated being an antony general
The real guy was a con man who flew a bunch of miles as a pilot even though he wasn't licensed. He also worked as a doctor and as an assistant to an attorney general. He wasn't qualified to do those either. He also committed some massive check fraud.
The commentator has begun to describe the 3 who are dressed in suits. For example, one of them is a pilot for the airline Pan Am Airways, from 1964 to 1967. In addition, among them is the actor Leonardo Dicaprio.
The camera panned across the three men in pilots uniforms.  The narrator described outline details of the character who had pretended to be an airline pilot, and at the same time was a consultant paediatrician.  This person was also an assistant to a state attorney. 
The narrator starts to give information about the real Frank.  He tells about how Frank pretended to be a pilot and also was a great scammer.  He noted that Frank also cashed over 4 million fraudulent checks, making him one of the best scammers in the world.
~ it was showing a tv show called 'catch me if you can' showing three males, showing them dressed in pilot navy smart suits and describing important aspects of their lives and what they have done, including one who stated they cashed fake checks.
We are watching a game show segment where the contestants have to guess who, out of a line up, is the person that the presenter is talking about. The three men who come out are all dressed the  in aeroplane pilot outfits. The presenter reads out that the person they are looking for is one of the biggest conmen in American history. He reads out various high flying jobs that the man held down whilst doing his fraudulent behaviour. 
Three men dressed as airline pilots are introducing themselves to the audience of a gameshow all as a con man called Frank Abignale. Their is a narrator talking and listing all the impersonations this man successfully pulled of and how when he was caught he was touted as the most successful con man in history.
The liar faked being a pilot, a pediatrician and an attorney general. He cashed in $4 million worth of checks that he shouldn't have had
The game show host describes the exploits of Frank Abignale.  He impersonated an airline pilot and a doctor, among other things.  He claims to have fraudulently cashed  over $4 million in checks.
Three men came on stage and each of them introduced themself as the same person. Only one of them is Mr Abignail, a renowned con artist that impersonated an airline pilot, attorney general and another profession. The game show is To Tell The Truth and so far no clues were given except the introduction. Also Leonardo DiCaprio is the one in the middle.
It's a game show where three people attempt to convince contestants they're a specifc person, in this clip each person was introducing theirself.
The game show host goes on to describe the details of what Frank William Abagnale did during his time as a fraudster, claiming he flew as a pilot for PanAm Airlines, cashed millions in fraudlent checks, and is a resident pediatrician in a hospital, all while panning back and forth between three contestants on the show.
The host of the show explains that the person (who we still don't know which of the three men is the real one) impersonated a pilot and flew for free for months before anyone realised it was him. The camera was showing each of the men in turn so we still don't know who it was. 
Three men are lined up on the tv show. A narrator or presenter is describing the crimes committed by the con man who could be one of those three men. 
The announcer was describing the history of the individual, which included a number of high level jobs like pilot, and lawyer. The camera panned over each individual whilst doing so.
The television presenter began describing everything the conman had done over the years, including impersonating an airline pilot to get free air travel and other high value cons.
Before you fell asleep, you saw a game show begin where the presenter announces the arrival of one  a famous conman. Three people walk onto the stage, each with a stoney expression. The presenter describes the single person he is presenting, not revealing which of the three men he is describing. The presenter describes the youngest conman in history, who successfully pretended to be an airline pilot, the head of a paediatric unit at a hospital, and a member of the Attorney General's office. He apparently cashed 4 million dollars in foreign cheques. And that's all I remember.
The host talks about the con artists exploits and how he cashed 4 million dollars in cheques and how he impersonated various people.
The talkshow speaker pans to each of the three men claiming to be Frank. He goes to explain how Frank was a con-man who worked as a pilot and other roles. All three men stand straight and stare into the camera as this narration goes on.
There are 3 men on a game show. They all say they are the man in the description, but only one is the actual guy. They further describe what kind of a con man he is. Has pretended to be a pilot and physician. Conned over 4 million dollars.
The camera focuses on each of men's face whilst the host talks about the things one of them has done, including crimes. 
The host continues descirbing the person as a con man who flew all over the world, cashed fraudulent cheques, was a district attorney and had evaded authorities.
The presenter introduces Abignale and what he has achieved. Abignale was a pilot, conman and fraud. He has 4 million dollar at his hand
The main character appeared on a game show To Tell The Truth.  The host of the show (joe garigiola) described in detail what the main character had done.  The main character was a huge fraud.  He posed as a pilot, an attorney general, and a pediatrician, all in different states.  He also committed fraud bilking different countries out of millions of dollars.
he is listing what frank has done, he is a conman who has played a pilot and pediatrician and cashed about 400 million in cheque
There are three gentleman, one short, medium height and taller. The show is called to tell the truth. One impersonated an airline pilot, one has cashed over 4k in fraudulent checks.
After the three men have introduced themselves as Frank William Abagnale, they each describe the profession. One of the Frank William Abagnale stated that they were a doctor.n
