Frank Sr. wakes Frank Jr. up and tells him to get ready to go into the city for something very important. They reach what appears to be the locked entrance to a store and initiate a conversation with a blonde woman who informs Frank Sr. that they will open in half an hour.
Looks like Frank's dad needs him for something but Frank got up late. Franks needs a suit but he doesn't have one so they are trying to get the shop to open early so they can get him a suit.
The dad wakes the main character up, says he doesn't need to go to school. Leo asks if it's snowing and his dad says they have something to do. Next we see a store, a lady comes running while someone is banging on the closed door, it's Leo and his dad. The lady says they don't open for another 30min, the dad asks the lady her name.
Frank has over slept and is woken up by his father who has brought him some breakfast. The film then cuts to what looks like a shop where the FBI agent is banging on the door. The worker opens up the door and the FBI agent asks her name. She relies its Dorsey.
Abignale Senior wakes up his son who had overslept telling him that they have an important meeting in the city and asking whether he (the son) has a suit? The pair are next seen rattling the sliding shutter of a clothes shop and pleading with the female shop keeper to open up. She protests that they do not open for another half an hour but is seen heading towards the shutter at the front of the store.
A young Frank is asleep, his dad walks into his room to wake him up, he has some food on a plate. He mentioned he does not have to go to school today. He puts some food in Franks mouth. He asks him if he has a black suit. They then are at a mens clothing store asking for the woman to open up early for them
Frank jnr is woken up by his father who hands him some breakfast and ask if he has a suit. They show up at a store knocking at the door, the shop keeper rushes over. She informs them they don't open, but Frank jnr father implores her to let them in.
The dad wakes son Frank up and says he doesn't have to go to school.  He is going to go with his dad somewhere.  Then it cuts to them being outside of a store that is closed, and the dad is trying to get the store owner to let them in.
Frank Sr tells Frank Jr he doesn't have to go to school. Frank Jr asks if its a snow day and is told no. His father asks if he has a black suit as he has an important meeting in the city. He then takes his son to a shop and starts shouting asking if they can open early. The woman working in the store says they don't open for another half hour. 
Frank Snr shouts for Frank Snr to get up. He takes him breakfast and says he doesn't have to go to school today. He also asks if he has a black suit as they have a meeting to go to.  The next scene is him trying to get into a department store at the railings but the shop assistant named Darcy wont let him in as they don't open for another half and hour.
The father wakes the son up early, telling him he doesn't have to go to school that day.  He has breakfast on a plate in his hand and encourages his son to get up, asking if he owns a black suit.  Then, they are shown banging on the door of a store, arguing with the lady inside who says they don't open for another half hour, but the father insists it's important and asks her name, which is Darcy.
The father brought breakfast to the sons bed and tells him he doesn't have to go to school today. The son is confused and still waking up and asks his dad if it's snowing, the dad tries to feed him his breakfast by hand and asks him if he has a black suit still trying to feed the son his breakfast. Then it cut to the both of them standing in front of a clothing store trying to get in because its too early for them to open. The woman working at the store tells them that it's too early and they don't open for another 30 minutes. The father then asks her name. 
Frank Sr urgently wakes Frank Jr up early before sunrise with some food and tells him they have to go to the city or something. Later they're at some store but the gate is closed and a woman in the store is trying to tell Frank Sr that they're not open yet.
Frank Snr is seen waking Frank Jnr up who is asleep on his bed. They then appear outside a store yo most likely get a suit for Frank Jnr
Frank's dad wakes him up out of bed, he takes him his breakfast. He tell Frank he doesn't have to go to school, he's going to a meeting with him in the city. Asks if he has a dark suit. Then scene changes to them both outside a clothes shop, knocking on door. Woman answers, Frank dad starts talking to her.
Frank Jr. is woken up early by his father and told that he does not need to go to school that day. Instead, they need to go into the city for an important meeting. But first he needs a sharp suit. They go to a store, but it is too early and closed. Frank Sr. begs the store clerk to let them in early. 
Frank senior continues to wake Frank junior. There is a 'Flash' comic on the bedside table. Frank senior has bought a plate of scrambled egg for junior. Senior is now sitting on the bed beside junior. He asks Junior if he has a black suit as they need to go to an important meeting in the city. He tells junior that he doesn't have to go to school today. We now cut to a shop and witness a blond, glamorous looking shop assistant, hastily moving from the back of the shop to the main door, where what appear to be about three 'official' looking individuals are trying to enter the premises. She tells them that the shop doesn't open for half an hour. The 'officials' are calm but persistent and inquire for her name, which she offers as 'Darcy.' the viewpoint through this scene is high as though from the ceiling.
frank was trying to wake up his son to go to an important meeting then a woman was being asking by some men to open the doors of her store
next morning, franks father enters his room to wake him up, the both get changed and make there way to a shop 
Frank senior is waking up his son, bringing him breakfast and telling him that he needs to go to school. His father begins trying to feed him and the scene changes to a clothing store, with an employee in heels rushing over to locked entrance of the store telling the two men waiting that it doesn't open for another hour. 
The father walks into Frank Jr.'s bedroom and taps him on the bed. The father then sits on the side of the bed with a plate of breakfast. The son then asks if he overslept. The father says it's okay he does not have to go to school today. The son asks if it's because it's snowing outside. The father then asks if Frank Jr. has a black suit. The camera then changes scenes to them standing outside of a store trying to get a lady to open up the gate early even though the store does not open for another 30 minutes.
Frank wakes his son up, then tells him that he doesn't have to go to school, and asks him if he has a black suit. The scene cuts to the inside of a shop, with Frank asking to be let in. The shop clerk states to Frank that they don't open for another 30 minutes.
The old man with a plate in his hand wakes up his son telling him it's okay but he needs to go to school, then the scene switches and they are at the suit shop entrance, calling the shopkeeper. but she says they are not open for the next 30 minutes, so the man asks her for her name
Dad lets Fank know that he does not have to go to scool today and asks him if he has a back suit. Next scene they arrive at a store and they are trying to convince an employee named DOrris to open the doors early
Frank wakes up FRank Jr and says he doesn't have to go to school today, as they have a meeting in the city. The next scene they are knocking on a closed shop door, when  a blonde woman called Darcy comes along..
Frank Sr tells Frank Jr he doesn't need to go to school. Frank Sr asks Frank Jr if he has a black suit as he has an important meeting today. Frank Jr is still half asleep and says he overslept. In the next scene, both Frank's are outside a building that still has the shutter down. Frank Sr is knocking and a woman answers, She tells them they aren't open yet. Frank Sr asks he name and she says it's Darcy.
Frank is awoken by his father. He is told he does not need to go to school that day. His father sits on the bed and feeds him food from a plate in his hands. He asks Frank if he has a black suit. Next scene is men in long coats and hats demanding for a store to open up. The woman owner, Darcy, tells the men the store will not open for another half hour.
He comes into his sons bedroom and tries to wake him up. He has a plate of breakfast.   He takes some egg to feed his son, and tells him he does not have to go to school, but they are going out.   Then they are in some big room, at a work place.  He asks the woman what her name is, she says Darcy
Frank's father wakes Frank up and feeds him his breakfast. He tells Frank he doesn't need to go to school and they need to go somewhere. The father takes him to a store and it's not open yet. After some banging, the store owner comes to door and explains they're not open for another 30 minutes.
Frank's dad woke him up and tells him he doens't have to go to school and ask him if he has a black suit. Then they go to a store that is not open yet but they try to enter telling it's important and the employer keeps telling them that they are not open yetn
