So the woman asks the first imposter why did you do it? youre obviously a very smart man, he basically says he did it for the money. She then asks the second imposter who eventually caught him, he replied carl hanratti
A lady asks the first constestant about why they did what they did. She then moves on to the second contestant and asks them who caught them. The second contestant answers with Carl handready. There is now a cutscene that show law enforcement in a group saying Carl Handready.
One of the players in the game show wanted to know who discovered who Mr. Abignail was. It was Carl Hanratty. The scene went from the game show to a scene in a foreign country (it appeared to be somewhere in Europe... maybe France)... and law officials were asking him in the rain with umbrellas over them... who this official was Mr. Hanratty. Mr. Hanratty appeared to be an American and the officials from the other country seemed to be struggling saying his name.
The three options for being Frank Abnigail began to be asked questions by the guest judges. They were asked why they chose the life path they did despite being intelligent and talented and Frank #1 said it was for the money. Frank #2 was then asked who eventually caught him and he named Carl Hanreddy. A brief flashback of Carl Hanreddy then played on the screen.
A contestant in the gameshow is questioning the three men. She asks the first man why he didnt get a proper career. She then asks the second man about who caught him and we see a flashback to a scene with heavy rain and lots of men stood talking with umbrellas.
The lady  was asking the men questions. She asked the first guy a question and he responded. She asked the second man who caught you ? he replied  that it was a man name carl. It cuts into a scene which seems to be the guy name carl who's talking to other officers. 
The woman asked Number One why he went into this profession. He said he needed the money. She asked Number Two for the name of the person that caught him. He named him (I could not fully comprehend the name here) and the movie cut to a bunch of cops.
The man William who has managed to become a fake pilot has finally been caught for being a con artist. He was asked by the hostess why he chose to be a pilot instead of pursuing another profession and he answered by saying that he was a young man at that time and he needed the money. The hostess then asked another question about how the fake pilot got caught and he mentioned that it was a police officer, calling him by his name.
The three men walk over to a three desks and the lady asked a question for the first one. She said something along the lines as to why he did it and he seems like a smart man why not actually become one? Number one said he needed the money at the time. She then asked number two who caught him and he said Carl Raghand. Then there was a clip which appeared to be men in suits holding umbrellas while repeating the name Carl Raghand.
kitty asks number 1 the question why not just get a normal job, to witch he says its all about money, then she askd number 2 who caught him, he replies carl handwritty
The quiz contestant starts to ask the 3 men questions. She asks man number 1 why he committed the crime and he says he did it for the money. Then she asks man number 2 how he was caught, and he tells her Carl Handready caught him. The scene goes back to show officers discussing Handready.
trying to find out which of the 3 men is telling the truth and which are not
The lady asks the first question about why he chose to do this of all the other legitimate work. Number one replies to this by saying that it was a matter of money. Then she proceeds to ask who finally caught him. He says his name is Carl and the scene cuts to showing Carl probably in a country where they do not speak English.
The woman on the show asked the first contestant why would they decide to be a conman since they're a bright person and could've done a legit job instead. The first contestant replies that it was about the money and this was the easiest way to get it. Then the woman asks the second contestant who caught him, and he says a name and the scene abruptly changes to police officers under the rain.
The lady presenter as Franklin number one why did he not choose a legitimate way in following his career as she sees him as smart. Franklin responds by saying it was a matter of pennies and dollars and going it about the way he did was the easiest way. Then the lady proceeds by saying she has a question for Franklin number two, she asks him who finally caught him. Franklin responds and says the guys name which I did not hear clearly.
Kitty asked the first contestant why they began this life. He responded that for him it was the easiest way to make to most money. Kitty asked the second contestant who caught him. He responded a man named Karl Hamratty.
A panel asked the three men or con-artistes parading as a particular man some questions.nThe first was asked why he did what he did and he said for the money and the second was asked who caught him
The woman asked why he didn't get an honest profession since he seemed bright enough. The first man answered, and then the woman asked who caught him, the second man answered it was Carl, and it broke into a visual of Carl and some other men. 
A woman began to question the 3 men. She firsts asks the man on the left Why he didn't go into an actual profession if he was a smarts as he was. She then asks the 2 person How did you finally get caught and the man responds with the name of the man who caught him, with the scene shifting to that man.
The lady asks number 1 why they didn't go into a legitimate business, he answers that it is all to do with 'dollars and pennies'. She asks number 2 who eventually caught him, he expresses 'carl hamrady'. The episode skips to a scene from a movie (?) expressing this name. 
On the game show, the woman is interviewing the three men. She has asked the first man a question, and then the second man a question. They are all the same person, and after the second man is questioned on who finally caught him, the movie jumps to a flashback including the person who seemingly caught him.
The contestants are being questioned. One explains that they needed money and that is how they started. There is a mention of a man named Hanratty and they show people in the rain.
The lady asks man number 1 why he didnt go into a normal profession as hes cleary a bright man. He then answers. The lady then asks man number 2 who finally caught him. he answers with 'carl...'. There is then a scene of men arguing in the rain, one of the men is presumably carl.
The female panelist on the gameshow asks the first Frank William Abignail why, given he was such a bright young man, he didn't just go into a career legitimately. Number 1 answered it was all about the money as he figured this was the quickest way to get it. The panelist then asked number 2 who eventually caught him and he answered his name was Carl Hanrady and then the scene cut to men standing in the rain and one repeared his surname Hanrady
One of the judges askes the contestants questions, as she gets to the second man he asks who caught him, he responds and a flashback is shown of a police officer explaining his name
corn artist who impersonated as the pilot , a pediatrics doctor and a lawyer for 27 years and cashed in over millions of dollors in 50 states was finaly , when asked why he did it he said it he was young and enjoyed the thrill
They are interviewing all the people who claim to be the imposter. The lady is going through each individual asking questions trying to weed out the real person. 
The woman asks the first man a question about why he chose to do this, after which he says that it seemed like the easiest thing to do. She then asks the second who caught him. He says the name and then it cuts to a separate scene where this man is now on camera. 
The woman asks why with all his intellect he chose to con people instead of a legitimate job. The first impersonator responds that it is easy money and he wanted some cash. Then the woman asks who caught him. The second impersonator responded that is was John Hamready. It then cuts to a scene of people pronouncing hamready. 
The lady contestant questioned the first pretend pilot and asked what his reasons were for doing what he did, to which he answered that it seemed like a good way to earn money. She then asked the second pilot who it was that finally caught him, to which he responded with a name that I can't remember. 
