Frank the imposter is thrown onto the hospital bed by the guards and they close the curtain around him. the guards then go to wash their hands. carl asks what they are doing and they say its to wash off the lice. Carl demands they call in a doctor and the guard says he will be there first thing tomorrow. carl is furious, he has worked too hard on this case. while carl and the guards are arguing they hear a door creak, they open the curtains to the bed and frank has gone. escaped again,.
The prison guards carry Frank to the prison infirmary. They lay him on a hospital bed, and rush over to the sinks, and start washing their hands. Carl is upset and anxious. Carl threatens the prison guards and tells them that Frank must not die today! While everybody is busy and talking, Frank escapes the infirmary.
Hanratty gets Frank to a hospital. Frank feigns being extremely ill. While French prison gaurds are washing their hands and Mr. Hanratty is trying to get medical assistance, Frank Abignail escapes.
The authorities take Frank, who is sick, to the hospital to see a doctor. While the French authorities and Carl Hanreddy argue about Frank's medical care, Frank takes advantage of the distraction as an opportunity to escape and disappears from the sick ward.
Frank is rushed into a hospital bay and the French men who have taken him there start washing their hands as they are worried about the virus. Tom Hanks is annoyed and says that Frank should be on the plane to America and that he has waited too long to find Frank. He says that he is holding the French man responsible if Frank dies. The French man then opens the curtain to the bay and it is now empty; he looks to the open door.
The officers put Frank on the bed. They closed the curtten  and walk to the sink to wash their hands stating that they need to wash off the lice.. Carl is tells the officer that Frank needs a doctor, but they  said no doctor won't show up till tomorrow.  They hear a noise and the door beside bed that frank was  laying on was opened. 
The detective demanded a doctor for Frank, but the cops ended up just bringing him to a bed, then they washed their hands in case he was contagious. The detective demanded the doctor again and said that if he died, he would hold the police responsible. Then the door creaked and they realised Frank might have escaped while they were busy arguing.
The prisoner's name is Frank. As he is coughing profusely he suddenly faints in the cell while the American police officer or lawyer reads him his human rights. Then the lawyer asks for a doctor for Frank while holding his umbrella because it is raining in the prison and the prisoner warder opens the cell with the other police officers in France and takes Frank the prisoner to a place where they treat people or prisoners and throw him on the bed. Meanwhile, the American lawyer is arguing with the prison warder that the prisoner needs to see the doctor immediately but the warder says while washing his hands on the basin that is in front of the bed that the doctor will come to him tomorrow, while all of them were facing the opposite direction of the bed while they were talking. As they turn their heads to look at the prisoner who was lying on the bed and opened the curtain, the prisoner was gone because he ran out of the door that was close to the bed he was lying on.
The men placed him on a bed and then walk away to a sink to wash their hands. Carl is demanding a doctor and how Frank needs a doctor. The French guy is not taking him seriously. Carl says he has been waiting awhile to catch him and if he dies it will be on him, the French guy. The door was opened and when the French guy looked he noticed Frank was missing.
the young boy is placed on a hospital type bed and the wardens go to wash the lice off there hands while carl is shouting at them that the man needs a doctor so he is fit to board a plane the next day, as there arguing you see i door slowly closing and the men look out of it 
Frank is taken to the hospital ward by the guards. Handready asks the guards what they are doing and they tell him they are washing off the lice. Handready tells the guards he needs a doctor now as Frank needs to be extradited shortly. The guards tell him the doctor is coming tomorrow. As they are arguing about the extradition and doctors, Frank Abigail escapes.
the prisoner who appeared to be ill was taken to a bed awaiting a visit by a doctor but has escaped when no one was looking
Carl assures Frank that he'll take hi back to the America next morning as the guards lay him in bed. Then the guards and the inspector proceed to wash the hands to wash off lice. Carl says that Frank should be on a plane for America and that he has to see a doctor. The inspector says the doctor will e coming in the next day. Carl proceeds to say that if Frank dies, the inspector is responsible for it for not taking care of Frank. Then we see the door is open, which points towards Frank running away from the ward.
As the guards of the jail escort him outside on a bed, the person played by Tom Hanks reminds them that Frank, the young man, has to be on a plane and get a doctor because it's priority. The guards wash their hands after dumping the young man on a bed, but that was enough for Frank to escape while they were all distracted out of the door.
The police move Frank to the prison hospitals and he seems to be terribly ill. They put him on the bed and the police officer goes towards the basin to wash his hands. The FBI asks the police officer that he calls in the doctor. The officer says the doctor will in tomorrow. The FBI demands that they call the doctor and if Frank dies he will put the blame on him. While they are quarreling the officer notice that the door is moving and goes to wards to check Frank on the bed and he is not there.
Frank was deposited in the hospital. The doctor is suppose to come tomorrow but the FBI agent said that Frank needs to be on a plane to USA ASAP. Then they pull back the curtain.
The agent requested that they take Frank the prisoner to see a doctor and he was taken to the sick bay. the agent was talking to the officers who were washing their hands and Frank seems to have escaped 
Frank is unconscious and carried down a hallway by a group of men, he is placed on a bed behind some curtains in what appears to be a makeshift hospital area. Tom Hanks' character assures Frank that he will be taking him home tomorrow. The men then leave the area and can no longer see Frank behind the curtains, as they continue talking. Tom's character angrily tells one of the men that he must see a doctor and if Frank dies, he will hold him accountable. Then they see the door shutting, and peer behind the curtains and it seems Frank has run. Was it all an act to get out? We'll see!
The collapsed man if brought to the infermary, with the fbi guy demanding that a doctor be brought here this moment, claiming that if this man dies the liability will be one the prison officers head. While they were all distracted the main character escaped out of the room.
The offenders is carried by many men to a bed to receive treatment. The officers immediately go to wash their hands and inform Carl that they are washing the lice off. Carl informs the officers that he needs the offender to be alive and on a plane to America, and that if he dies he will hold the officers responsible. The officers notice a noise and look behind them, where they see a door open. They pull back the curtain to the hospital bed and the offender is gone
The prison guards and the warden take the prisoner into the hospital wing and place him onto the bed, he curls up and doesn't look very comfortable. The detective is furious, demanding that the prisoner needs to return to America to see a real doctor, and the warden states as he and his guards are washing their hands that a doctor will see him in the morning. As they speak the door swings open, and upon inspection behind the curtain of the hospital bed, they find the prisoner has fled.
Frank is now put onto a bed by several people. He needs a doctor right now, but Hanratty is aware that one can see him tomorrow. He frantically pleads with the others to get Frank some help, because he needs him.
a group of prison guards rush the man into the infirmary. carl assures the man that he will get him home tomorrow. the doctor and prison guards start washing their hands. carl questions what they are doing as he needs the man alive to bring him home to charge him with his crimes. The doctor then notices the door to the infirmary is open. He then checks behind the curtain when the man was lying on the bed. there is no one on the bed.
The guards move Abignail to a medical ward in the dirty prison. They are accompanied by Handrady. They dump Abingnail on a bed and move outside the cubicle to wash the lice off thier hands. Handrady demands that Abignail be seen by a doctor as he has to take him back to America tomorrow to which the govenor replies that the doctor will be in tomorrow. As they are having this conversation the sound of a door opening closing can be heard and as we look over we see the door close loosely and it is obvious that Abignail has gone. He faked the extent of the illness to find a way to escape!
after the prisoner is taken to the hospital ward they close the curtains and begin to wash their hands off from the lice, the police officer demands a doctor so he can travel, then they pan back to the door and it is open with the prisoner no longer in bed
the FBI agent called the doctor to come and see the corn man because he was caughing and looked like  he was sick
THe prisoner was taken to a hospital so he could see a doctor. When they went to wash their hands, the prisoner escaped through a door. 
Frank is placed onto the hospital bed by the policemen, who then go immediately to wash their hands. The FBI agent is stressed out and asks them when a doctor will be there, after which they hear a noise. The door is now open. They peel back the curtains to where Frank was, but he's no longer there. 
The people start washing their hands and Charles exclaims that he needs to get Frank back home in America, and if Frank dies Charles will hold the men accountable. The guy suggests that the doctor will come tomorrow and after wiping his hands, they release the door is open and that Frank has left
The prison guards and tom hanks bring the character of frank abignale played by leo dicaprio to what looks like a hospital ward, but it is empty. They put him on a bed, then move to the next room where the guards wash their hands. Tom hanks is angry and demands they get leo a doctor, and says that if leo dies he will hold them responsible. At this time they hear the noise and the camera pans to the door which swings ajar as if someone had just gone through it, presumably the leo in an escape attempt
