The prisoner had collapsed in his cell. The FBI agent called the staff to get a doctor for him. They did not appear to but carried his lifeless body out of his cell and put it on a bed in what looks like a hospital wing. They then all washed their hands as they said they did not want lice. The FBI agent continued to argue with them stating that he was talking the prisoner back home with him tomorrow.
Tom was yelling for a doctor adn the guards came an took the second person to the prison hospital and throw him on a bed. After that they all went to the sink to wash their hands from the lice whitch was a few meters from the bed they took him. Tom said that a doctor needs to examine the second person so he can take him back to America. But one of the guard told him that the doctor will come tomorrow morning.
Tom asked for a doctor to the guards and after he yelled them they came and took the second person to the prison hospital. After the guards through him on a bed they went to wash their hands to the sink a few meters from the bed. Tom the time the guards was carrying the second person was telling him to hold on and a doctor will see him soon. After seeing the guards left him on the bed and went to wash of the lice from their hands Tom asks for the doctor and told them that he worked very hard for this and needed to take him to America but the chif guard said the the doctor won't be earlier than tomorrow.
The FBI agent screams for a doctor to come.  The guards then drag Frank down a hallway and put him on a bed.  The agent is saying that he needs to see a doctor that he needs to get him on a plane.  A man is washing his hands saying he needs to wash the lice off.  He says he won't be able to see a doctor until tomorrow.
The guards carry the prisoner and dump him on a bed in a hosptal ward. He is still not awake. The gaurds all rush to wash their hands and tell the FBI agent it is because of the lice. The FBI agent tells the prisoner not to worry if he can hear him that he will take him home to America in the morning. The FBI agent says a Doctor is coming and tells the gaurds the Doctor needs to come now. The French guard tells him that the Doctor will come in the morning. The FBI Agent says no, I need to get him on a plane to America and get him to a Doctor now. That he has worked too long and hard.
The FBI agent kicked the chair and started yelling for the prison guards to call a doctor. They got the prisoner out of the cell and took him to the infirmary. The agent promised that he is going to take him home in no time. The Russians started washing their hands and the agent was confused on what they are doing because the prisoner need to be on a plane to America to see a proper doctor. The Russians disagreed.
They took Abignail out of his cell and put him in a bed to be looked after by a doctor. however, the doctor will only arrive in the next day, and Tom Hanks' character wants him flown to the USA right at that moment so he can be taken care of. While this scene is playing, the warden is seen washing his hands and says he's washing off the lies of Abignail.
Detective Hanready demands that the prison guards get a doctor to see Frank. In the next scene, 4 prison guards carry Frank to a vacant sick bay and throw him onto a bed. Hanready assures Frank that he will be seen by a doctor. The guards wash there hands and indicate that they are leaving. Hanready is not thrilled and challenge this. They tell him that a doctor will only see Frank the following day.
They took Frank (number 2 on the game show) out of his cell and to the hospital wing, so he could be seen by a doctor. Once they put him on the bed, the officers then washed their hands. The FBI investigator asked why, and they said it was to prevent the spreading of lice.
Karl screams that Frank needs a Doctor, so the French guards carry Frank to the infirmary where he is put on to a bed, the guards hasten to wash their hands due to lice and Frank says we need a doctor now, the guards say he will be around tomorrow. Karl is worried something will happen to Frank and tells the guards he has worked way to hard and needs to get this guy back to America.
The man took sick ,young man from jail to hospital and he started to negotiated with people who put him into jail to gave permission to send him by plain to USA 
The umbrella guy got angry and demanded from others that they take the prisoner to see a doctor. They carry him to hospital like room and drop him on one of the beds. Umbrella guy says to the prisoner (Frank) that he is going to take him home in the morning (promises) and argues with other guys that the prisoner needs a doctor and he should be on the plane right now. After dropping the prisoner into the bed men carrying him quickly go to wash their hands.
FBI man begins reading the articles of extradition. Frank, the conman coughs loudly, at first FBI man is unconvinced and continues until Frank collapses. FBI man tells the watching guard to get a doctor. The prison staff move Frank to a hospital bed and FBI man promises he'll be on a plane to the USA tomorrow. The warden watches his hands, claiming to be for lice, and says the doctor will arrive to see Frank tomorrow, much to FBI man's annoyance.
After the sick looking man collapsed, the man with the umbrella yelled for a doctor.  In the next scene, the umbrella man is seen with a bunch of people in suits carrying the sick man to a hospital bed.  The men in suits start washing their hands.  The umbrella man asks why, and one of them replies To get rid of the lice.  The umbrella man grows impatient and exclaims that the sick man needs a doctor.
The man calls for a doctor for the prisoner. The next scene is the prisoner being taken by the guards and put on a hospital bed. The man wants to take the prisoner to America. The guards say that a doctor will see him tomorrow.
Frank appears truly sick, but he may be acting. He collapses while the US police officer is reading him the US extradition information. The police officer yells at the French officers to get a doctor for Frank. The French drag him out of the cell and take him to a medical unit, dumping him on a bed. Then they go to wash any lice off of their hands. Tom Hanks asks what they are doing, Frank needs a doctor. He is concerned because he wants to complete the extradition, so Frank can get on a plane and face charges back in the US. They tell Tom Hanks that the doctor won't be in until tomorrow.
Prisoner called Frank fainted. His (i think it was) lawyer began calling for a dcotor. They carried him int a room and laid him on bed. The prison commander mentionted that he will se doctor tommorow. The lawyer got upset and sait its too late
The man with the umbrella, Tom Hanks, asks for a doctor because Frank, the man inside the cell jail, has fainted. Some officers come running and take him out of his cell, they put him on a stretcher and then leave him there. One of the officer washes his hands while Tom Hanks questions him about having a doctor visiting him. 
The FBI agent calls for a doctor then the scene cuts and the next scene shows the prison guards carrying Frank to what looks like an infirmary and the FBI agents tells Frank I will get you home tomorrow. The prison guards are then shown to wash their hands from the lice. The FBI agent asks where the doctor is and the main prison guard says he won't be in until tomorrow.
The FBI agent demands a doctor for Frank. Frank is taken to a ward and put on a bed. The doctor washes his hands he says to get rid of the lice. The FBI agent insists that Frank needs to be ready to catch a plane the following day
The authority figure, presumably FBI demands Frank gets medical attention to the prison wardens from which he is dragged from his cell in a very sick state.  He is dragged along a corridor into a hospital ward.  The FBI man appears irate and demands emergency attention for frank as hes been working too long trying to locate him. The detective man is told the doctor will be there the next day.  
Frank (the prisoner) passes out after calling for help while the FBI agent reads the extradition papers to him. The FBI agent calls for help and a doctor. The prison guards drag Frank to a medical table and then proceed to wash their hands. The FBI agent asks what they are doing and they say that the doctor will not be in until tomorrow. The FBI agent seems to think Frank needs a doctor right away because he is supposed to be getting extradited right away.
the fbi agents calls for a doctor and wants the prisoner taken back to america
This FBI guy finds that the con guy needs immediate medical care and forces the foreign officials to take him to a hospital. The FBI guy is afraid the con guy could die before he gets to bring him back to the states to charge him with his crimes.
As the agent was reading to the prisoner, Frank he coughs and falls.nThe agent tells the officers to take him to see a doctornThey carried him to the infirmary of the prison and they began to wash their handsnThe agents tried to explain to them that Frank needs to see a doctor as soon as possible but the officers were being difficult
The FBI man played by Tom Hanks insisted that they get a doctor for the man, Frank.  They eventually came over and took him out of the cell and put him on a bed, but then they went to wash their hands and didn't attend to him.  He asked what they were doing, and they said they were washing off the lice.  He insisted they get him a doctor again.  He has a Boston accent, which wasn't really prevalent in the previous scenes.
The investigator demands that the prisoner sees a doctor. The guards oblige and walk him out. The prisoner needed to be held up by the guards. He was put in a hospital bed. The guards immediately go to wash their hands at a nearby sink in order to wash the lice off of their hands from the prisoner. We find out the prisoner is supposed to go back home soon.
Hanratty continues to loudly demand a doctor. Smash cut to a disheveled and weary Abagnale being carried by the guards into what looks like a hospital ward, as Hanratty assures him that he will be seen by a doctor. The guards dump Abagnale on a bed and proceed to wash their hands. Hanratty demands to know what they are doing and where the doctor is. He is told they are washing the lice off, and that the doctor will not be along until tomorrow. This is not deemed acceptable by Hanratty.
Hanratty demands that prisoner Abegnale sees a doctor now. Abegnale is pulled into another room and onto a bed. The officers that pulled him immediately wash their hands to protect them from lice. The prison officer says Abegnale can see a doctor tomorrow. 
the main character gets taken to hospital but they will not release him to the fbi guy
Frank is coughing and then collapses. The FBI is now really worried and calls for a doctor. They let Frank out of his cell, he looks very unwell. He is helped onto a hospital bed. They go and wash their hands after touching him, to get rid of the lice. The FBI agent asks what they are doing, they say the doctor won't be able to see him until tomorrow. The FBI agent says he's need to be on a plane today
After shouting get me a doctor, they collect the man from the cell and take him to a hospital bed. The men who carried him proceed to wash their hands. The american detective   officer was informed that the dr will arrive the next day, but he was not happy with that as the prisoner was meant to be being extradited back to America immediately. 
