The mother was spinning around dancing and spilled a little wine on the rug. She seemed upset  and asked the son to go get a towel. The son ran to the kitchen which was behind a door. The husband father embraced the wife asking her to dance with him. They started dancing and when the son returned from the kitchen it focused on him admiring his mother and father dancing closely. By the way when the son returned it looked like he had a glass of milk and not a towel.
Frank's mom spills a bit of wine on the carpet and sends Frank Jr. to go get a towel from the kitchen.  As they wait, Frank's parents begin to dance together, they look veyr happy.  Frank comes back from the kitchen with a glass of milk and a towel, but he stops short at the doorway.  He stays there and just watches his parents dancing with a small smile on his face. 
Frank's mother just spilled the red wine over the rug. Frank is going to get a towel. Meanwhile his dad starts dancing with his mother.
After Christopher's character tells his son the story of how he met his mom, the mom spills some red wine on the carpet. The son goes to get a towel and when he comes back he sees his parents happily dancing together and he just leans against the wall and watches.n
Frank's mother spills some wine on the rug , she asks Frank to fetch a towel whilst he is gone Frank's mother and father start dancing and Frank watches from the open doorway
Franks parents are dancing. 
The woman spills her drink on the floor. She tells Frank Jr to get a towel. The couple then dance with Frank Jr watching after he gets back.
its now in the living room with both franks and wife mothernmother is dancing to music in front of the christmas tree, she spills her wine, frank junior leaves the room and returns with a glass of milk, his mum and dad are dancing together
The mother dropped some wine on the rug, Frank left to get some cleaner and the mother and father started dancing.
Franks mother is dancing around holding a glass of wine. The wine spills on the rug. She is a bit upset and tells Frank to run and get a towel to help clean it up. Frank runs into the kitchen and when he returns, he find his parents lovingly dancing together. Frank looks very happy.
Frank's mom accidentally spilled wine on the rug. Frank ran to the kitchen to grab some towels. When he returned, he saw his parents dancing happily
The mom spills a bit of wine on the carpet by accident while dancing. She gets flustered and asks Frankie, the son, to get a towel. Frankie runs off. The dad comforts the mom that it's okay and they start dancing. Frankie returns and smiles as he sees his parents dance.
Frank's wife spills some wine on the carpet and gets upset. While her son runs to get a towel, she and Frank are sharing a dance in spite of the stain. 
franks wife paula was dancing with red wine in her hand. she spills some and sends Frank junior to get a towel.  when he returns he sees his parents dancing in the lounge. n
After Frank Sr. tells Frank Jr. the story of how he and Jr.'s mother met, the mother (who is dancing on the carpet alone), spills wine she is holding. Junior is sent out of the room after a towel. While he's gone, his parents dance together. When Junior returns, he watches them dance, smiling.
Mum was dancing and she dropped wine on the floor. Mum sent Frank for a towel. When he back mum and dad danced together. 
Franks mother is twirling around the living room and spills her wine onto the rug. She asks her son to go and get a towel from the kitchen and he runs off to do this. Frank Snr persuades his wife to dance with himeven though she says she always gets into trouble when she does that
Franks mom is dancing alone and then she spills wine on the carpet. Frank goes to get a towel then franks dad and mom start dancing and frank comes back in and watches.
Frank's mother swirls happily but spills red wine on the white rug. Frank jr, says don't worry about it as he crouches, and his Father says to get a towel. Frank jr runs to the other room. While he's gone, his Father as his Mother to dance with him. Frank jr. returns seeing his parents dance, with a look of contentment on his face. 
Frank (the dad) wife spills wine then the goes to get something to clean it up with while his parents' dance. 
Frank's mom is shown dancing and spinning next to the Christmas tree. She has a glass of wine in her hand and some spills. She is upset and both Franks come to help. She asked Frank Jr. to go get a towel. He leaves to get the towel and Frank Sr. asked the mom to dance. They start dancing. Frank Jr. comes back from the kitchen and watches them dance with love. 
Frank's mom is dancing by herself with a wineglass in her hand and spills a little wine on the rug.  She is upset and tells Frankie to go get a towel.  He runs into the kitchen and both of his parents start dancing together.  When he returns, he is holding a glass of milk and leans against the wall smiling, watching his parents dance.
The mom spills wine on the carpet, and instead of fixating on the material things, frank SR keeps dancing and comforts her 
Mrs Frank is dancing and spills wine on the carpet and then asks Franks Jnr to go go grab a towel. Who rushes off to go get it, meanwhile Frank Snr tells his wife its ok and starts dancing with her. Frank Jr comes back with a towel and glass of milk and watches them dance
Frank's mother spills some of her drink. Frank goes to another room to get a towel. When he come back he sees his parents are dancing.
Franks mother spills some wine on the carpet, and asks Frank to go and get a cloth. When Frank returns his parents are dancing and smiling, and he happily watches.
So the wife is dancing in the living room and spins around and spills some of her wine on the carpet. She gasps and tells frankie the son to go grab a towel. Frank senior tells her it's alright and takes her wine glass and places it on a table. Frank junior runs into another room to get a towel. Frank Senrior and his wife begin dancing. Frank junior comes back into the room holding what looks to be a glass of milk and a washcloth. He leans into the doorway and smirks at his parents dancing.
the mom spills her wine and frankie goes to get a towel. the father the begins to dance with her as frankie looks with admiration 
Frank Jr runs to the kitchen to get rags to clean up spilled wine and Frank Sr dances with the mother.
Franks mother is dancing on her own and swirling around, she then spills red wine on the carpet.  Frank Snr, her husband then moves towards her along with Frank Jnr who also goes down onto the floor, his mom then states Franky (Frank Jnr) must go get a towel to clean up the spill, in which he then runs out and towards the bathroom kitchen.  Frank Snr then puts down his drink on the mantel and then dances with his wife.nFranky then comes back with the towel and watching his mom and dad dance together in admiration awe while leaning on the wall entrance pillar.
