At a rotary club awards show 6 years earlier the real Frank Abignale recieves an award from the president of the rotary club on stage. The imposter Abignale is sitting at a table in the crowd.
At a rotary club awards ceremony a young Frank appears bored. A man called Frank Abernathy who we can only assume is his father wins an award and takes to the stage. We are told this is taking place six years earlier in 1963. His father begins to make a speech.
there was a gathering of people.
Nothing much has happened. His dad is on stage at the beginning of what seems to be a boring speech.
An important person has had to go out in public and speak, he has commented that he is humillated.
The compere introduces Frank Abignale.  He stands up and walks to the stage after kissing his wife.  There is rapturous applause.  On the stage Frank says how honoured he is to share the stage with Robert Wagner.
This is a scene from six years earlier.  It is a ballroom with a lot of people,  The presenter calls a person up to collect an important reward. This is happening in ew york.
~ it shows a flash back to 6 years earlier, at a ceremony, where frank is presented with a reward and speaks up in proudness. he is surrounded by his fellow colleagues and it is a posh and extravagant set up. 
There is an award ceremony and someone is announcing the winner. Frank is sitting down at one of the tables tearing off a label for a bottle of wine. What could be his parents are sitting next to him and the father turns out to be the recipient of the award. He goes up and receives his award from the rotary club.
We are now six years in the past at an awards ceremony where Franks father also named Frank is called up to receive an award. Franks father then proceeds to give a thank you speech.
6 years earlier, what appears to be Frank Sr. starts giving an acceptance speech.
Frank's dad accepts an award from the rotary club.
Flashback was to 6 years earlier, Christopher Walken as older Frank, accepting a plaque at a rotary club dinner.
Frank's father is being honoured in a Rotary Club 
A different Abagnale is shown making an award acceptance speech at Rotary International Club.
The guy who has been called up as Frank walks up onto the stage and starts to give a gracious speech thanking important members and his family. 
A man gets on to a stage to accept an award. He stands at a podium and gives his thanks to certain people. 
It's 6 years earlier, we are watching an awards event featuring a number of important people, including the mayor.
Six years earlier the real Frank is accepting an award in New York. He walks up onto the stage and thanks the mayor and the club president.
The scene changes to a Rotary Club awards ceremony meeting. We see Frank in the audience at a dinner table, seated by a woman. He's tearing the label off a bottle of wine and is not paying attention to what's going on on the stage. What's happening in the meantime is someone announcing an award for most honoured members - the 57th award, the man announces, is going to Carl Abignail. Mr Abignail (who is suddenly being played by Christopher Walken????) gets up on stage and says what an honour it is, etc. and begins to thank his wife.
It is an event for Frank Abignale Senior which is set 6 years prior. It's an acceptance speech for his work he had done.
6 years earlier, in 1963, it shows a reward acception speech. A man stands on stage giving an acception speech. He thanks his wife etc. He also says how he is honoured to be accepting the reward with the mayor there.
Six years earlier, a new segment is shown. The con man is at a table at a presentation for the real Frank. The real Frank is receiving a reward for his achievements in New Rochelle, NY.
We learn the scene is taking place in New York in the 1960s. The FBI agent proceeds to accept his achievement and proceeds to give a speech. Frank is also in the room, sitting. 
A police award ceremony or rotary club awards. Speaker gets on stage and says he feels honoured to be in the presence of a couple of them and names them. Not much happens just an introduction to a speech presumably.
In the audience, a man is invited and the people starts applauding him. He shakes hand with the presenter and wave to the people with a smiley face
The real Frank William Abignal was at a rotary club meeting in New Rochelle in 1963.  He was being honored by the rotary club.  That was 6 years before the beginning of the movie was shown.  The fake Frank Abignal (Leo DiCaprio) was seated at the same table as the real Frank A.
it is a prologue 6 years earlier to his arrest. the real frank has taken the stage ad is thanking his dear colleagues and wife
The movie jumps between scenes to six years earlier with the real Abignail (played by Christopher Walken) is accepting a prestigious military award.  Everyone is clapping for him as he walks up on stage.  He stated is humbled by being in the presence of Robert Waggoner and the president of the club as he is holding his award to a clapping audience. 
It pans back to six years earlier. Frank is invited on stage by Mayor Robert Wagner. The stage is within a big gala type event. The audience applauds Frank. Frank stands humbled by the mayor and also thanks Jack Barnes.
