The visitor noticed the prison guards were just washing their hands and he asked why isn't he bringing the prisoner to a doctor now. One of the guards at the sink said the doctor was coming tomorrow. The visitor than got agitated and said the prisoner needs to go now. The camera then panned to a door that was a jar and than the guards checked the bed where the prisoner was and the prisoner was not there anymore. It then cut to a scene were all the other prisoners were behind a metal fenced in area within the prison and they were screaming and banging things on the fence like mugs being really loud and excited.
the french guards are washing their hands after dumping frank on the bed.  carl is questioning them, saying frank has to be on a plane in the morning, he needs to see a doctor now.  the one guard says the doctor will be in tomorrow.  carl says he has worked too hard for this, and he can't take this away from him.  then the guard notices the door is slightly ajar and closing, then he pulls back the curtain.  frank is gone.  he guard yells something and the other guards rush out the door past carl.  carl seems pleased with a smile on his face and he says oh, frank.  then it cuts to the interior of the jail and the other inmates are up against the chain barrier cheering and making a ruckus.
So when the DiCaprio faints, he is being taken to a room where he will wait for doctor. Mel Gibson blames the french policeman about not bringing doctor right now. DiCaprio then escapes
Leonardo's character pretends to pass out from being sick so Tom's character demands him to be taken to a doctor so that he can extradite him back to the US in the morning. The prison guards take him to the infirmary and lay him on the bed. While Tom's character is arguing with the doctor about being able to take him back to the US in the morning, Leonardo's character slips through the door and breaks out of prison.
Frank is taken to the prison hospital and placed on a bed , whilst they are washing their hands and arguing about him seeing a doctor Frank leaves the room without anyone seeing.
Frank has ran away
Everyone but Carl washes their hands. Carl wants to take Frank home to see a doctor, but one of the other men says that a doctor will see him where he currently is. While they are talking, Frank escapes.
as carls talking to all the guards about getting frank to america for help letting them know he will hold them accountable if anything happens , frank escapes
Frank faked being sick in bed, they pulled a curtain over him and escaped out a side door while they weren't paying attention.
Hanraddy demands a doctor for Frank. They bring him into the french prison infirmary. While the agents are discussing how the doctor won't be in until the next day, the camera pans over to the door which has obviously been opened and is now closing. They pull back the curtain surrounding the hospital bed that Frank was lying in to see that it is now empty. Frank has escaped again.
The police brought Frank to a hospital. While Carl and the police were arguing, Frank escaped
Frank is thrown onto a bed by the men carrying him. Frank seems to be unconscious and the men go over to the sink to wash their hands. Carl enquires when the doctor will be arriving. One of the men replies that a doctor will be coming tomorrow. Carl gets angry and tells the doctor that Frank needs to be on a plane to America tomorrow and if he dies, he will hold the man responsible. The man then looks at the door being opened and looks at the bed just to find it empty. Carl chuckles when he realizes Frank ran away.
The man is arguing with the French men over getting Frank a doctor, citing that he must get back to America for medical reasons. The Frenchman insists he stays and a doctor will visit soon, but the American man is angry, saying he'll hold the Frenchman accountable if he dies. They look in the cell and see Frank allegedly escaped 
frank collopases in his cell whislt being read the human rights out. carl shouts get me a doctor. they eventually pull him out of the cell and carry him to a ward of beds. the prison staff gonto wash their hands. carl asks what are they doing. the doc will come tomorrow he replies.  carl states if he dies i will be holding you responsible.  Frank has escaped whilst this is going on. 
The French prison guards begin washing their hands after depositing Abagnale into a sick bed. The chief guard informs Hanratty a doctor won't come to treat Abagnale until later. Hanratty replies that he has been after Abagnale for too long to let Abagnale die.nnThe chief guard notices that a nearby door is ajar. He checks the sick bed Abagnale was in, and it's empty--Abagnale clearly has escaped through the door.nnThe end of the clip features prisoners shouting and cheering.
Frank was in horrible condition, after reading article 2 Frank need a doctor. His friends is aking for help and asking for a doctor. Hi is also telling two guys that if he dies they will be responsible for that. Suddenly Frank (Leonardo DiCaprio) disappeared.
Frank has been taken to a hospital because he's so ill. The foreign police say no doctor will be coming until the next day. As they are washing their hands to rid themselves of the lice and Charles Hanratty is angrily confronting the officers they suddenly notice an open door and that Fran has escaped.
The man in glasses pleads that frank needs to see a Dr and he has to be on a plane soon to the United States. While arguing with the guards one of them notices that the door is open and they find out that frank has escaped.
The French police officer or warden is washing his hands and Carl asks What are you doing?. He responds about getting rid of the lice. Carl insists that he has to see a doctor saying, I've worked too long and hard for him to die. He has to be on a plane to America in the morning. (paraphrase). The French warden says he will see a doctor in the morning. Then they noticed that Frank has escaped from the hospital bed to the door. Carl says Oh Frank and there's prisoners rattling on a cage. 
Carl sees his coworkers washing their hands after transporting frank. Carl asked what they are doing because he believes that frank his detrimentally sick and needs to be transported to America immediately and his coworker says that a doctor will see frank tomorrow. Then another coworker decides to check on frank and as he pulled the curtain back, they discover that frank the conman has vanished. 
The jailors are washing their hands. Carl asked them what they were doing. They told him, they were washing their hands after touching the prisoner, Frank. Carl tells them that Frank needs to see a doctor and get on a plane to America. He has worked too long and too hard and if he dies he was holding him responsible. The jailor then throws back the curtain where Frank is supposed to be and there is no one there. The jailors go running. Carl says to himself, oh Frank. They then show a scene of a crowd of people making lots of noise against the prison fence. 
The French police officers are washing their hands as they are concerned about catching lice from Frank.  The FBI agent tells the French policemen he will hold them responsible if Frank dies as he is supposed to transfer Frank back to the US in the morning.  Frank then slips out of a door while they are talking and the scene ends with a shot of all the prisoners cheering.
Okay, everything makes more sense now. The person in the prison cell was Frank, the main character in the film. He was faking being extremely ill for a chance to escape through the infirmary. Carl, the one responsible for capturing him, is not too surprised frank escaped  
French police officers and Mr Hamby bring unconscious  Frank to hospital and pull him on the bed. Mr Hamby asks the officer what are they doing as Frank needs a doctor and he wants to put him on a plane to america. Officer says doctor will be in tomorrow, at this point they notice the room's door is open and Frank has escaped.
Hanratty argued with the guards that Frank needed to see  a doctor, as they washed their hands unconcerned. When he turned around and drew the curtain around the bed they realised that Frank had escaped. Hanratty smiled wryly.
Carl is angry at the French authorities and argues with them that they need to look after Frank, and that he has worked too hard for him not to be able to have his moment.nThey then notice the door closing, and that Frank has gone, and run out to find him.
The prison warden and staff start washing their hands after putting Frank in the hospital bed. The FBI agent asks what they are doing, the warden says, washing the lice off. The FBI agent freaks out on him saying that he needs to see a doctor as he has to take him back to the states in the morning. The warden tells him that the doctor will be there in the morning. Again the FBI agent freaks out on him telling him that if he dies the blame will be on the warden. Then it shows the door swaying a little and creaking so the warden swings open the curtain where Frank was in bed and the bed is empty so it looks like Frank ran. The FBI agent says, oh Frank. 
when they laid him in a bed he escaped.
Frank is faking sick and escapes when they take him to a hospital.
The guards who brought Frank (The prisoner) to the doctors bed then wash their hands, Carl asks what they are doing, they reply with saying they washing their hands because of lice that the prisoner has.  Carl then says to the guards in a angry voice, that if Frank dies and does not get on the plane to America tomorrow that he will hold the guards responsible, as the doctor is only coming tomorrow.  The camera angle moves over to the door which is slightly open, one guard then goes to the door and roughly opens the curtain where Franks bed is, in which the guard then discovers Frank has escaped.
