The father kept explaining that the son needed a black suit to go to his grandfather's funeral which was the father's father. The father then explained that he needs to just borrow the suit. Darcy, the  store clerk explained that we do not lend out suits and do not open for another 30 minutes. The father then pulled out what looks to be like a necklace and asked Darcy if it was hers. The camera then panned a closeup to the necklace and then back to Darcy who didn't say anything yet. The father then told Darcy he found it out in front of the store. It cut to Darcy who said Uh huh as if she didn't really believe the father's story about finding the necklace.
Frank Sr. is talking to Darcy, the store worker, telling her that his father, 85 year old war hero, has died suddenly and that there is a military funeral that afternoon.  He says there will be planes flying overhead and a 21 gun salute, and his son needs to borrow a suit for a few hours.  Darcy says they don't lend suits and repeats that the store is not even open for another 30 minutes and is about to close the door, and we can see she has a partially eaten bagel or something like that in her hand.  Frank Sr. continues to plead with Darcy to come back, and presents a gold necklace with a heart pendant on it, and asks if it belongs to Darcy.  She opens the door and waits.  He says he found it in the parking lot.  She says uh huh suspiciously. 
So Frank's father goes with his son to loan a suit. Unfortunately woman says that they don't loan suits. Father says that it is for a military ceremony. Woman still doesn't wanna do this, but he brings out hers' necklace
Frank Sr. took Frank Jr. to get a suit and the lady at the store said they aren't open for another 30 min. So Frank Sr. smoothtalks her and tells her a whole story about why they need her to open up early. She refuses several times, but Frank Sr. finally pulls out a necklace to show it to her and tries to win her over to get in with it. The moral is that Frank Jr. learned his smoothtalking skills from his father. 
He tells the woman they have to go a funeral and Frank jnr needs to borrow a suit, the shop assistant says they don't loan suits and do not open for another 30 minutes then starts to walk off. Frank snr calls her back then dangled a chain and pendant from his hand saying he had just found it in the parking lot
Frank sr wants his son to get a suit. They both stop by a suit store but the business is closed. The father tries to convince the store owner to open for them by showing the woman a necklace he claims to have found in the parking lot and asks if its hers as a way to convince her to open the business. 
The father continues talking about this funeral, and says that he wants to rent a suit for his son for a couple of hours. She says that they don't loan suits and that the shop isn't open. He then reveals a necklace and asks if this is hers. He found it in the car lot.
frank senior looks like he convinced darci to let tghem in to get the suit with a bribe of some jewellery that he says he found in the street and maybe its hers
They're trying to borrow a suit, the woman refuses and he shows a necklace that he found in the parking lot.
Frank and his father are at the doors of a suit shop that is not open for business yet. The woman tells them that the store does not open for another 30 minutes. Frank's father tells an entire elaborate story about why they need to get a suit for Frank. He goes into great details to try to convince the woman to open the store early for them. She will not open the store. Then Franks father shows the woman a necklace that he says he found outside in the parking lot. He asks if it is hers, still trying to convince her to open the store or them.  
Frank's father is pleading with Darcy to lend a black suit to Frank
The dad explains that his dad has died and his son needs a black suit to borrow for the military funeral. Darcy refuses to let them in and says they are closed and don't offer suits. The dad pleads with Darcy and shows her a necklace. The dad asks Darcy if it's hers, saying he found it on the street. Darcy hums, realizing the dad is bribing her to help them.
Frank is begging Darcy to let him borrow a black suit for his son, describing the military funeral they have to attend. In the midst of this, he asks her if this strange medallion he found in the street belongs to her. 
 frank junior and senior are at a department store to get a suit for a funeral for frank jun to wear this afternoon. the lady Darcy was not willing to open the store for 30 mins.  they dont loan suits either.  frank senior produces a gold chain and asks if this was hers.  he found it in the parking lot. nn
Frank Senior, with Junior standing next to him, speaks to a woman named Darcy at a clothing store. Senior tells Darcy Junior needs to borrow a black suit to attend the funeral of Senior's father, a military veteran.nnDarcy insists that the store is closed, and that the store doesn't lend suits. She's about to close the door on the men when Senior pulls out a gold necklace. Senior says he found the necklace in the parking lot and asks Darcy if it's hers.
They have got a funeral afternoon, military. Frank needs to borrow a suits for a few hours. Darcy said they are not opened. Frank's dad found Darcy gold chain on the parking. Darcy face was shocked. 
Frank Snr is trying to persuade a shop assistant to open up the shop so he can get a suit for his son. He tells her a story about how its for the funeral of his war hero father and is needed immediately for the funeral today. When it looks like she's going to refuse he dangles a chain and pendant in front of her and asks if its hers.
Frank and his dad are outside of a suit store thats closed pleading that frank needs a suit because Franks grandpa died and he needs a black suit because its a military funeral. The suit lady says there closed then Franks dad flashes a necklace to her and then asks if this is hers and she looks surprised.
Frank and his Father are standing by the closed gate to a store. His Father pleads with the shop owner, a woman name Darcey, saying that his son needs a suit for a military funeral. Darcey rejects this and is about to close the door, when Frank Sr. shows a gold pendant necklace to her asking Did you drop this? I just found it in the street. Darcey hesitates and seems more willing now or receptive.  
Frank (the dad) explains to darcy the clothes shop lady that he needs a suit for his son to lend for a for a funeral for a few hours. Darcy says that the store still isn't open and that they don't lend out clothing. Frank (the dad) pulls out a necklace and ask Darcy if it hers then he explains he found it in the parking lot. 
Frank and his dad are standing outside a closed retail store. Darcy the employee is telling them she can't help them. Frank Sr. is explaining there is going to be a funeral with a 21 gun salute today and that Frank Jr. needs a suit. She informs them that they don't loan suits and she can't help them. Frank Sr. then pulls out a locket and asked her if it was hers. She looks at him amazed. He explains he found it in the parking lot. She says uh-huh. 
Frank's dad takes him to a store that isn't opened yet.  He gets the name of the woman working, Darcy and asks if she can help since he needs a black suit for his son who will be attending his grandfather's funeral as he just died and was a military hero.  He asks if they can borrow a suit for a few hours and Darcy says they don't loan out suits and aren't open for another half an hour.  Frank's dad pulls out a charm and asks if it was hers as he found it in the parking lot.  She says it is and allows them to enter the store.
Frank Jr. tries to manipulate the woman at the store to open the store and rent a suit out for them, as Frank Jr. needs a suit and the store is closed. 
Frank Snr and Jnr are outside a suit shop which is closed and the shop saleswoman named Darcie tells them shop does not open for another hour. Franks Snr tells her that his son needs a suit urgently as they need to go to a military funeral this afternoon and they would like to borrow a suit. The saleswoman tells them they are closed and they do not loan a suit. At this point Frank snr tries to bribe her by showing her a gold necklace asking her if it belongs to her as he found it outside on the road.
Frank Senior tells Darcy that Frank Jnr needs to borrow a black suit for a few hours to go to his grandfather's military funeral. she says they don't loan suits. Frank Senior tried to bribe her with a necklace he said he found in the parking lot, asking if she owns it. She looks pleased and mutters yes.
Frank Sr attempts to convince the shop worker to open the shop half an hour early. He tells her that his son needs a suit for a couple of hours for his grandfather's military funeral. The shop worker continues to refuse, then Frank Sr shows her a necklace asking if it's hers, as he found it in the parking lot. The shop worker suddenly looks interested.
So frank senior is telling this suit shop woman how his military father died and he needs a suit for frank jr today. How there is going to be planes and a 21 gun salute funeral today for his dad and he needs a black suit for just a few hours. The woman says sorry, we don't open for 30 minutes and we don't loan suits and she starts to shut the door. Frank sr says wait darcey is this yours? and a gold necklace drops down in between his fingers. Darcey pauses and looks at it. Frank sr says i found it in the parking lot to which darcey just says huh.
the lady was not going to let them in but the father asked her if a gold necklace is hers that he found in the parking lot
Frank Sr is conning a store clerk out of a black suit for Frank Jr. Jr is clearly learning from his father how to be a con artist.
Frank Snr continues to try convince the woman of the shop, Darcy to please open up as they need to get Frank Jnr a black suite for a milatary funeral of their 85 year old grandfather, which is going to have a 21 gun salute etc.nDarcy is not convinced and says they dont loan out suites and also dont open for another 30min, Frank Snr then pulls out a necklace, in which he asks Darcy if this is hers (Its a bribe) that he found in the parking lot.  Frank Snr uses this bribe to try convince Darcy to let them in to get a black suite
