Frank Sr. tells Frank Jr. about his wife taking center stage and being the center of attention to a crowd of his fellow American soldiers holding their breath for her.
We are still back in time and it's a family dinner at Christmas time, with Frank's dad telling the story of how he met his wife during the war.
His dad keeps talking about a story from the past while Leo and his mom dance close to the christmas tree. They tell the dad they already know the story, laugh and stop dancing. Leo sitting on the couch arm and his mom keeps on dancing by herself while the dad is talking about everyone thought she was gorgeous in the past.
The film continues with the family at christmas. Frank sits and dances with hos mother whilst his father tells a story.
The Abignales are relaxing at home in a room which is decorated for Christmas. Frank junior and his mother dance to a record whilst Frank Senior proceeds to tell the story of how he and Mrs Abignale met years before.
Its chrisman, there is a tree and lots of decorations in the living room. The son and mum are dancing while the dad is telling a story of how he met his wife. They all look hapy and are smiling.
Frank jnr finish his dance with his mom to listen to his dads story and sit on the side of the couch. While his father is standing at the fire places mantle his wife continue to dance on her own.
The mom was dancing around the living room and the dad was telling the story of their first dance.  She has a glass of wine in her hand.
Frank Sr starts telling the story of how he me his wife. Frak Jr is dancing with his mother whilst this story is being told and then sits down. His mother continues to twirl around whilst his father looks into his mothers eyes and continues to tell the story.
It carried on the scene at Christmas time in their lounge and Frank Snr told his son Frank Jr about how in the war, his wife, Frank Jrs Mother was one of the first women he saw and how she danced and was a beautiful blonde bombshell.
The Abignale family is at home, Xmas tree in the corner, while the father tells the story of how he met the mother.  The mother and and son are dancing together, and the father tells the story of the mother dancing in France, all the men in the army admiring her.
The son and mother are still dancing as the father starts telling a story. The son exclaims that he's heard the story before but the father keeps telling it. The son stops dancing and sits to face his mother as the father continues the story. He recalls how he met the mother and how good she looked. He describes other people reacting to her and how they were holding their breath as they saw her and the son repeats this to his mother.
Frank Jr is dancing with his mom and Frank Sr starts to talk about when he first met her. She was a blonde bombshell and all the guys stared at her.
Frank Snr is talking about his wife. Frank Jnr and her continue dancing, soon Frank Jnr stops and sits on backrest of sofa whilst his mum continues to dance to the music
Frank snr continues his story. Frank and his mom keep dancing. Frank snr then talks about meeting Frank's mom in Italy during the war. Frank in now watching his mom dance alone. Frank repeats parts of his dad's story and flatters his mom with comments.
The father is describing when he first met his wife, in France during what I assume is the Second World War. He tells his son that she was beautiful and all the men wanted to dance with her, and his son chimes in, admiring his mom's beauty. 
Frank jumior is dancing with his mother in the lounge. It is Christmas as signified by the Christmas tree. Frank senior continues with his story of when he met his wife, in a small French village. He suggests it has been months since anybody had seen a women and on stage walks your Mum, a blond angel. Frank junior says did you hear that, a blond bombshell. Paula is still dancing tastefully, semi-provocatively. Frank senoir continues the men literally held their breath. and Frank junior to emphasise echoes the sentiment again. The camera cuts to Pauls in isolation. The mother of Frank jumior, Pauls, is still dancing away
frank was telling a story to his son while his son was dancing in their living room with franks wife while listening to music
a christmas evening with frank and his parents. his father describing his mother as if the first time and his mother dancing elegantly to the music with a glass of wine in hand
It is Christmas time and Frank Jr, Frank Senior and his wife are all in their decorated living room listening to soft music. Frank Jr and his mother are dancing together while Frank Senior is talking to them, his wife proceeds to dance on her own and twirl around. They all appear to be happy. 
The father continues to tell the story while his son and the mother dance in the living room. The father then walks over to the fireplace continuing to tell the story. The son then says we know the story dad and stops dancing and sits on the edge of the couch. The father continues to tell the story and the mother keeps dancing alone. The three of them continue to talk about the story and they laugh.
Frank continues to tell the story of how he met the younger Frank's mother, while the younger Frank makes jokey comments occasionally 
Old man starts telling the story about how he met his wife, he tells that it was years prior and it was months since he has seen a woman. He also says men were holding breath when they saw her. The wife keeps dancing as the man tells the story 
Frank jr and his mom are dancing. Frank's dad is talking about how he met his mom at a dance show she was performing at. Mom starts performing the dance she was doing when she met his dad
Frank is telling how he met Frank Jr's mum, she was up on stage and the  men hadn't seen any women for months. The men were holding their breath for her and called her the blonde bombshell
Frank Sr continues his story. He talks of his wife walking out on stage (I think) and dancing. He describes her as a blonde bombshell. Frank Jr perches on the back of the couch listening to the story while his mum continues to twirl around,
Frank jr is dancing with his mother. His father is talking and going on about an old memory of how special his wife was when he'd first saw her. Frank Jr separates from his mother while she continues dancing. He is backing up his father with the story and giving his mother compliments. The mother stands around, dancing still with her hands up. She is smiling and basking in the positive attention she is being showered by her husband and son.
They are in the house, and the father pins the award on the wall.  The son and mother are dancing, and she tells the husband that their son is a better dancer than him.  The father looks lovingly at his wife, recounting when their first met, how blonde and beautiful she was.  All the men had not seen a woman in a long time and she was stunning.
the family is decorating the Christmas tree. Frank continues dancing with his mother. The father recounts the time he first met his mother during the war. He says she was quite an amazing dancer and the fellow troops were impressed by her. 
Frank was dancing with his mother and his that starts to describe how he meets his mother 
