Three men, dressed as pilots, enter the stage on a gameshow. They are in their 30s. They introduce themselves all with the same name and the announcer states that they are an impersonator of a pilot, a paediatrician and something else.
Each of the impostors states their name as Frank Abagnale in turn. Then the presenter starts narrating a declaration that they pretended to be an airline pilot and also a doctor.
Three contestants said their name Frank Abegnale and then the announcer said that he impersonated an airline pilot for some airlines and flew over two million miles for free. At the time he was also a padiatrician at Georgia Hospital.
We can hear talk show host off camera as he presents three different men, all of who he says are someone named Frank something or other. The camera pans from one man to the next as the host describes Frank. He says Frank was an airline pilot and another profession.
Each of the men dressed as pilots said that their name was Frank Abignale.  The voiceover explained how the person had impersonated a Pan Am pilot and flown 2 million air miles for free.
the 3 men were introduced then a descrition of what they had done in there careers told.
The three men all declare their name is Frank William Abignail. The announcer continues on, explaining that whomever is the actual Frank William Abignail, impersonated an airline pilot, and a general surgeon at a Louisiana general hospital.
The three contestants introduce themselves with the same name (Frank William Abignale). Then the host starts to talk a bit about their lives including where they have previously worked. 
three men all claim to be frank william abignail who impersonated a pilot and forged cheques.
The three contestants, one of them,  served as airline pilots, pediatricians, and an assistant attorney general.
A game show is shown on the screen called To Tell the Truth. In the opening credits, the host introduces three young men who are dressed as pilots. All three walk out on stage, and one by one the men say I am Frank William Abignale. The host then goes on to give a description of each of the three men. 
The 3 contestants are claiming to be a person called Frank Abignale, who impersonated being a pilot, a paediatrician and a lawyer for many years
What happened was the host had given a description of the to tell the truth and panned the camera to all three contestants. The name of the supposed contestant is Frank William Abingham and they from 1964-1967 had successfully taken over as a pilot and also was a pediatrician. Also, the contestant in the middle was Leonardo Decaprio. 
The three men dressed in pilot uniforms all introduce themselves, with the same name. The game show host explains that two of them are lying and one is being truthful and describes the work done by the actual pilot.
A game show host is introducing 3 guests. They are all claiming to be Frank William Abignale - an imposter who claimed to be a pilot, assistant attorney general and paediatrician.
three men who where different had identical names.
The presenter asked the Three Men what there names where and they all said the same name. So clearly one of them is lying and is the odd one out. Then the presenter started reading some description about being an aircraft pilot and some background about it while the camera was panning to each of the men at the same time 
Threee guys in pilot uniform call them Abigial. nnWhile this is happenning the narrator, who is the fraudster in question, talks about how he pretended to be a pilot with the above name.nnThis enabled him to fly all over the world for free. Also he was a director at a hospital.
The three men represent persons impersonated by Frank William Abigmail,
three men appeared on a game show claiming to be Frank Abagnale. Each one used a fake name to travel 
a man is asking these pilots a question trying to see who is lying.
The three men are dressed are airline pilots and they are all claiming that they flew planes for PAN-AM for three years in the 1960s. During this time they also worked as a hospital doctor.
On the gameshow the 3 people come out and introduce themselves by the same name. All 3 are wearing pilot's uniforms. The voiceover informs everyone that the person flew thousands of miles for free posing as a pilot for Pan-Am and at the same time worked as a paediatrician and also as another job which I've just forgotten!
All the guys in uniform have been introduced as Frank Abagnale. The presenter explains that he has pretended to be an airline pilot whilst also serving as a paediatrician and assistant country general in the state of Louisiana.  
It looks like a game show where 3 people are dressed up as pilots. They are all saying they are called the same and they pretended to be a pan am pilot in real life.
The three men go along the row one by one stating that they are Frank. The host then gives some more information regarding the real Frank, saying that he has flown over 2 million miles whilst working for Pan American Airlines. The host also explains a couple of other roles the real Frank has had in his lifetime. 
All three men claim they are Frank Abignail, a conman who convinced others he was an airplane pilot and flew over 2 million miles for free. He also said he was a generalist at a hospital and another high paying job. nnThe second scene you missed was a detective from the FBI, Carl I think, who was ouitside a prison in Marseille on Christmas Eve wanting to speak to Frank Abignail in prison. he was stood in the rain surrounded by French policemen
Three man stepped in and they had the same names(Frank William ...), after that the host made a statement from one of the pilots carier.
the 3 men in military uniforms introduced themselves one after the other, the first bone said his name was Francis Williams Abenaki, the second said his name was Francis Williams Abenaki and the third said his name was also Francis Williams Abenaki, then the host of the show began to say some things about the 3 men dressed in military attire, he said from 1964-1967 they impersonated an airline hostess and they also did somethings in an hospital
The presenter asks the name of the guys, and the three of them say they are Franklin William. The presenter says that Franklin William impersonated a pilot for some airline and was able to fly a plane for 2 miles. The presenter proceeds to mention other characteristics of the man, such as that he is a paediatrician.
