Frank snr is on stage, he is telling a story about 2 mioce that fall into a bucket of cream, the first mouse struggles and quickly gives up and drowns, the second mouse keeps going, and eventually churns that cream into buitter, he feels like the 2nd mouse, the camera then cuts to frank jr who is clapping enthusiastically. 
Frank senior gives a speech about mice and how you should never give up. His son, Frank Jr. looks at him from his table with pride. The audience claps at the speech.
Frank Abignail Sr. told a story of two mice who fell in a bucket of cream. One drowned. The second, determined to live churned that cream into butter and escaped. Sr. said to the crowd, I am that second mouse.nnFrank Jr. clapped wildly and was rapt... watching his father and you could tell revers him.
WHile accepting his Rotary Club award and thanking everyone for it, Frank Sr tells a story about two mice who fell into a bucket of cream. One mouse doesn't fight and drowns quickly, while the other mouse fights so hard that he churns the cream into butter and crawls his way out. Frank compares himself to the second mouse in the story.
Frank senior, on stage, is giving a talk about two mice who fell into a bucket of cream He says that one of the mice gives up and drowns, but the second mouse would not give up an struggled so hard he churned the cream into butter. He announces that he is like the second mouse. We then see Frank junior applauding proudly and the rest of the room laughing and applauding
Frank is giving a speech to the crowed talking about a story in which a mouse feel into a bucket  which ended up turning in  butter. The Crowed along with Frank jr start clapping. 
In his speech, Frank Sr. told a story about two mice who fell into a bowl of cream. The first mouse gave up immediately and died. The second mouse fought for its life so hard that it eventually churned the cream into butter and climbed out. Then he proceeded to say that he was that second mouse.
Frank who was last seen as a prisoner had a father named Frank too, so he was called Frank Junior by his father. Frank's father came to the stage to accept the award and started telling a story about two mice stuck in something. The father said the one mouse gave up and compared himself to the second mouse who didn't give up but pushed through to make. The father thanked is wife who was Frank Junior's mother and Frank Junior.
Frank is giving a speech, it is all metaphors using to mice. One drowned while the other one made cream. The camera pans out to his son clapping and some older guy. 
the man goes on to tell  story of 2 mice in a bowl of cream one dies and the other turns the cream into but and crawls out, the young boy his son claps for his dad
Frank Abignail Sr makes a speech on the stage. He thanks various people including his wife. His wife is in the audience as well as his son Frank jr; they both look really proud.
man accepting an award at the special dinner talking in riddles but getting lots of applause
Mr. Abagnale says a story about how two mice fell in a bucket of crea and the first mouse drowned but the second didn't. The second mouse struggled and eventually came out of it. He proceeds to say that he is the second mouse.
The older Frank tells a story about two mice, drowning in cream. One of them drowns, and the second is able to turn it into butter and escape. and then he says Gentlemen, I'm that second mouse. and Frank Jr. claps enthusiastically.
Frank Senior gives a speech about two little mice who fell in the cream. One quickly quit and fell in the ground and the other fought through that he turned the cream into butter and got one. He says he is the second mice. The crowds laughs and Frank his son is looking at his father with so much admiration 
Frank Sr. gave a speech about 2 mice falling in a bucket of cream. One mouse gave up and drowned and the other worked hard turned the cream into butter and got out. Frank Sr. said he is the second mouse. Frank Jr. was clapping at the speech.
The ceremony was for Frank's dad who was been honored for his achievements some years back 
Frank Sr. accepted his award and gave a speech. He shouted out to his wife, the woman who was sitting next to Frank Jr in the first part; he also mentioned his son, Frank Jr. He then told the story of two mice who had fallen into a bucket of cream. The first mouse succumbed and died in the bucket of cream. The second mouse was a fighter and did not give up. He fought so hard that he ended up churning the cream into butter and was able to get out of the bucket. Frank Sr. stated that he was the second mouse. 
The main characters father started his speech and was using an analogy. 2 Mice fell into a bucket of cream, 1 mouse gave up and drown. But the other mouse, he didn't give up, and eventually the mouse had churned the cream enough it became butter and he managed to crawl out He then states he is the 2nd mouse, and the crowd claps for him.
Frank Senior gives a thank you speech to his wife and son (frank jr). He tells a story about 2 mice who fall into a tub of milk, one who gives up and one who keeps fighting and turns the butter into milk. He expresses that he is the second mouse. We see Frank Jr applauding his dad 
The man speaks on stage, he says that in a story two mice fall into a bucket of cheese, one mouse drowns, whereas the other mouse doesn't give up and manages to work hard to stay afloat and get out of the cheese. He states that right now he is that mouse.
Frank is listening to a man speak. He tells the story of two mice who have fallen into a deadly situation. One gives up and dies, and the other persists and lives. The man claims that he is that second mouse. Frank applauds the man.
frank sr says a quote about two mice, ones who gives up and one who perseveres. the camera then shows frank jr looking amazed at his father and the clapping ferociously
Frank Abignail senior accepts the award and thanks his wife (the lady at the table in the red dress) and his son Frank Abignail Jnr (who is the man we have seen in the previous scenes). Frank Abignail Snr tells a story about two mice stuck in a bucket of cream and how one gave up trying to get out and drowned. The other would not give up and struggled so much he turned the churned the cream into butter and got out. He was highlighting the virtues of not giving up and succeeding. Our Frank watches on proud of his father and saoking up the lesson!
franks father goes on stage to talk about a story where two mice fall into a bucket of milk, the first mouse dies because it gives up right away,the second mouse doesnt give up and keeps going, he eventually churns the milk into butter and climbs out, his father then says as of right now he is that second mouse
frank was given an award 6 years ago  his wife and son attended
The man giving the speech that has just won an award tells a story about a mouse. He said 2 mice feel into a bucket and while 1 gave up quickly, the other kept trying so hard to get out that he turned what was in the bucket to butter. 
We learn that it is the father of Frank Jr, who then goes on to tell a story about two mice. The gist of it is that one works so hard that he is able to survive, while the other one doesn't. The camera cuts to Frank Jr again, who is clearly inspired by this. 
Frank (the dad) tells a story about 2 mice who fell into a bucket of cream. The first mouse drowns and the second mouse tries so hard that he churns the cream to cheese and made their way out. Frank (the dad) then says at this moment he is that second mouse. Everyone claps and the camera pans to Frank Jr. clapping
Christopher walken gives a speech about two mice, the first one dies and the second one struggles so hard that he turns it into cheese? Sorry I was distracted during this one
