Frank senior (as we now know him to be) says that the second mouse churned the cream into butter and managed to crawl out. He says that he is that second mouse as the audience in the rotary club all applaud. The next scene appears with us being outside of Frank and family's home. A record plays some 1920s 30s music as we see Frank putting his framed award on the wall. 
Frank senior continues his speech to the rotary club. He explains that the second mouse struggled so hard that he churned the cream into butter and crawled out. He says, As of this moment, I am that second mouse. As he ends his speech, the audience bursts into applause with everyone standing up. Frank Junior is standing up clapping and looking devotedly at his father. Frank Senior comes off the stage and embraces his son in a hug while everyone continues clapping. The scene then cuts to a suburban street and then inside a home where a record player is playing. The framed rotary club award is being hung on the wall.                          
Abignale senior finishes an anecdote accepting his award and Abignale junior leads a standing ovation for him. Then we are at the Abignale family home. There is snow on the ground outside. A record playing and we see Abignale's award being hung on a wall.
Frank's dad completes his speech by comparing himself to a mouse and we're at their house now 
Frank Sr delivers a speech saying that he fought hard to be where he is today, in a sink or swim fashion as some other people would have given up in his situation. They then go home and celebrate the award.
Frank William Abignale is given a standing ovation at the awards ceremony and is warmly embraced by what we now know is Frank Junior, his son. The next scene is in a snowy upstate NY, inside their house. There is music on the record player and sounds of Franks mother saying her son is a better dancer than his father. Then you can see the award he has just received being mounted on the wall.
Frank SR collects his award and his son who we have seen from the scene before is furiously applauding him. After the ceremony, the scene cuts away into the family home. In a snowy setting, they then hang the award on the wall. 
Frank's father continues his story about the mouse who refused to give up. The next scene brings them to the Abagnale's home. The award Frank Sr. won is being hung up on the wall.
Frank sr finishes his speech. Frank jr claps and gives a standing ovation and then hugs his father. Next scene is showing a car outside, and then somone hanging a frame and then a record player playing
Frank finished his mouse story. He said the second mouse struggled so much he turned the cream into butter and crawled out. The crowed cheered along with his son who seemed to be moved by his dad's speech. The scene jumped to Franks house which was a cozy with his family while he hung up his certificate award. Franks wife said the son is a better dancer than Frank.
Frank Abignale Sr said that he was that second mouse and then everyone clapped and one man sort of smiled and smirked.  Then the Sr and Jr went and hugged and then it panned to their home where the mom said her son danced better than her father.
The father finished his speech implying that his hard work has finally paid off. Then the movie cut to their home where his mother says that Frank dances better than his father and the girls don't know what they are in for.
Frank Senior finishes his speech, saying that he is like the mouse who didn't give up and churned the cream into butter. Frank jr, the young man who we saw before, looks very proud of his father and starts a standing ovation. The scene cuts to a house where we see the certificate Frank Sr. was awarded hung up on the wall as we hear the voice of Frank's wife in the background. 
Frank Sr finishes his acceptance speech and Frank Jr and mother are proud. Frank Jr and Sr hug. Scene changes to a suburban home where an award is being put on the wall
as of this momemnt he is that mouse, father and son hug each other after his speech, and then we cut to a scene at there house
The man that is making the speech is Frank Abagnale, Sr. and he announces that he is proud of Robert Wagner, Jack Barnes, Frank's wife Paula, and his son Frank. Jr.nnFrank Sr. continues to give his speech about climbing out of butter.nnPeople stand up to applaud for Frank Sr.nnIn the midst of the applause, Frank Jr. hugs someone in the crowd.nnThere is then a shot of a car.nnThere is then a shot of a record playing.nnThere is then a shot of a plaque being put on a wall.nn
he finished his speech and then they cut back to the family at there own home with a record playing music and the mum saying you dance better than your father.
We find out that the person impostering Frank is actually the son of Frank and is a better dancer than his father is.
A clapping ovation was given to Frank while the presenter of the award came downstage to hug Frank. A  new scene with a white car outside a snowy evening in a bungalow.nnA woman's voice in the background said ' you are a better dancer than your father'. A record album was playing.nnWith an unknown hand, an award was placed on the wall with the name Frank Abagnale.
Frank describes himself as the second mouse in the story. Everyone claps, and he and Frank Junior hug. The film shifts to Frank's house and there's a close up of him hanging up his award of his wall. 
Frank senior makes a speech about mice, which Frank junior really likes, then we see their home and Frank puts his award on the wall
Everyone started to stand up and started to cheer. Next scene a woman is heard and said you dance better than your farther
Frank on the stage says he is the second mouse, and that he crawled out from the butter. Than everybody starts to cheer him, the two Franks hug each other. Cutsene to a house, where maybe Father Frank hangs up tzhe plaqe oon the wall.
Frank's father gives a speech about two mice that fall into cream, one mouse drowns the other struggles so hard it turns the cream to butter and walks out. The father identifies with the second mouse, the crowd claps, his father recognises him and his wife in his speech. We are now at their family home, music is playing and his father is hanging the award on the wall. 
the mouse walked out. F.W.A junior looks inspired. We see them then back at the family home seems a happy place
Frank's father says he is the second mouse. His son looks adoringly up at him and applauds. They then hug as he comes down from the stage. We cut to an exterior of their large house with a car parked outside. Then a shot of a record playing and the rotary club award being hung on the wall. 
rapturous applause, can see how much of an affect and how proud Frank JR was. Cut to outshot shot of there car at home and Frank SNR putting his award from the mayor on the wall
Franks father giving speech at the event. Tells a story about a mouse.  Then hugs Frank Jr.  The scene changes to home, the record is playing and talking in the backgroubnd.
Frank senior finished his speech to a round of applause, and a hug from Frank junior.Then we changed scene to the family home and the mother placing the framed award on the wall whilst complimenting his dancing skills.
Frank is delivering a speech and at the end he likens himself to the second mouse.  He gets down from the stage and hugs his son.  After it shows a car on a snowy street.  It then cuts to inside a house where a record is spinning on a record player
