Carl tells frank to stop it as frank cries for help, carl says he wont fool him. Whilst doing so carl is reading him his rights, suddenly frank collapses on the floor. Carl kicks the stool and demands for help. 
The prisonner fall down and don't answer anymore. Maybe died ? The FBI man ask the police to open the cell
Carl was reading the articles to Frank.  Frank was coughing and then keeled over.  Frank wouldn't respond to Carl.  Carl then calls over the guard to help.
The FBI officer reads the law and his rights to the prisoner, who continues to cough, and asks for his help. The officier doesn't care and continue sreading. The prisoner coughs and collapses. The officier calls him, but there's no answer just silence in the cell. The officer gets up in a huff and knocks his chair over, shouting at the French policeman to take the prisoner out.
Frank is coughing whilst Kyle reads from the European document to him. Kyle knows Frank is a conman so he doesn't believe Frank is really ill. Kyle keeps reading. Next Frank collapses and then Kyle believes Frank is ill this time. Frank abruptly stands up. Frank calls for help saying Get a Doctor in here! to the French staff member.
Carl was just explaining the law I presume to Frank outside his prison cell. Frank seems to have a really bad cold, mid-lecture he faints and Carl asks the guard for medical assistance.
The man with the hat reads frank some extradition papers and tells him to stop it, when he thinks frank is faking being ill. Frank then collapses on the floor and the man is alarmed. He shouts angrily to the guard asking for help
the fbi agent starts talking to frank, which appears to be sick coughing, he then starts to read him his rights (?) and Frank falls to the floor. 
Frank was coughing non stop and he fell looks like he fainted and the FBI guy asked the policemen to open the door because Frank fell
Kyle looks into the cell and sees frank covered in a blanket and coughing. He pulls out an umbrella because it looks like the roof is leaking water. Kyle sits down and pulls out some papers from his case. While kyle hanratty is reading out some kind of legal document, frank starts coughing and looks really sick. Frank keeps asking help me to kyle, but kyle keeps reading the documents. Eventually frank collapses, and kyle gets angry and kicks back his chair and yells at the police officer, I think he is about to ask for a doctor.
The fbi guy is talking through the door and the prisoner inside called Frank is asking for help, seems to have a bad cough,  but the FBI seems very suspicious of his motives saying you trying to trick me? The FBI guy carries on reading some legal documents and the prisoner collapses out of view so the FBI stands up, knocks his chair over and shouts at the Guard for help
The man sitting on the chair reads to the man inside the enclosed room named frank. Frank says help me to the man in the hat, the man ignores his request and continues reading. frank continues to cough and the man continues reading. frank collapses down and seems unresponsive. The man flings out of his chair and asks the man behind him to get a doctor. 
Frank continues to cough as the man reads out an article. Frank then collapses and the man demands he gets help
the detective begins to speak to the prisoner, who has a very bad cough, he thinks the prisoner is trying to fool him but then the prisoner collapses, the detective jumps up and screams to the guard to help the priosner.
the guy in the cell is very ill the conditions are dreadfull the policeman from the usa is very concerned about the prisoners health and demands a doctor
The man was looking through the window at the man who was coughing and suffering. The man suffering seemed to become unresponsive.
Frank asks Carl to help him, while Carl rebuffs him, continuing to read the terms of extradition. Frank collapses and Carl stops reading, jumping up and yelling at a guard to get a doctor.
Frank carried on coughing and asked Tom Hanks to help him. Tom told him to stop it, then Frank collapsed on the floor. Tom Hanks called for a doctor.
It appears that the PI goes to read Frank his rights and speak to him inside his cell but Frank seems sick. Befor the conversation is over Frank drops to the ground.
Hanratty continues to read the contents of the extradition treaty. Abigael contiues coughing and collapses on the floor. Hanratty jumps up and shouts to the warder that medical attention is needed
Whilst they were speaking, Frank calls out for help and Hanratty believes that he is trying to trick him again so carries on reading out the laws. During him reading them out loud, Frank passed out and stopped responding to him. At first, Hanratty, FBI man, does not believe but then sees that it looks genuine. He gets up in anger and kicks his chair whilst asking for a doctor. 
The FBI agent is attempting to interrogate Frank, but Frank is suffering a cold and goes through some serious coughing fits. The FBI agent isn't buying it, knowing full well that Frank is one of the most convincing conmen out there. He later collapses, prompting the FBI agent to demand a doctor tend to Frank so he can have his questions answered.
The detective is talking to the con man who is locked up and believes he is playing a con on him, however, the con man faints. The detective is concerned and demands assistance from the guard.
Frank asked for help. Hanratty read out the extradition orders. Frank coughed and fell to the ground. Hanratty jumped from the stool and called for a doctor.
Frank is sat in the corner of the cell and is wheezing and coughing, the guy with the briefcase and glasses is sat in front of the cell door looking through the grate and reading off a list of charges. After the first page he says that Frank isn't going to fool him and he needs to stay with him as he has 16 more pages to read. He then continues to read and half way through the next page Frank collapses and falls onto the floor. The guy with the glasses then abruptly stands up, knocking the stool over and says to the guard that he needs to get a doctor in there. 
So Henred continued reading the articles of the law to Wright who kept on coughing non stop. Wright continued whispering in that slow voice saying please help me , but  Henred thought that he was trying to trick him. Suddenly a loud sound was heard which came from Wright falling on the hard and cold floor. Then the officer got so angry he insisted that the opened the door and let Wright out.
The FBI agent is visiting Frank in a very damp cell and is ecplaining the ectradition rules to him when Frank collapses and the FBI agent shouts for the french police officer to get a doctor. 
Frank was read his rights and half way through he coughed and spluttered then keeled over
The prisoner says 'help me' repeatedly, the man sat outside says 'you dont think you can fool me do you'. He continues to read from his statement. The prisoner continues to cough and then collapses on the floor. The man jumps up from his stool knocking it over and shouts to the guards to 'get over here!'.
The FBI agent speaks to Frank Abignale through a slit in the door. Frank is looking unkempt and in a blanket. He is coughing profusely. Carl starts reading the conditions of his extradition. Frank says in a low voice, help me. Car; says I'm not going to fall for that and carries on reading. Frank collapses and Carl jumps up from his seat, knocking the stool over and shouts to the guard do your job man. The guard rushes over.
