Carl from the FBI puts his umbrella up as he sits outside Frank's cell. Carl then peers through at Frank who is coughing very badly. Frank says he has a bit of a cold himself before starting to recite rights that Frank has under the European Court of Human rights. 
Carl Hanratty has an umbrella open due to water dripping from a leaking roof. He is in the cold dank corridor of a prison. He sits on a stool outside a prison cell with a guard supervising him. He speaks through the prison latch and the view pans to a long-haired and dishevelled Frank wrapped in a coarse blanket who is coughing profusely. Carl says, I've got a little bit of a cold myself. He then explains he's here to read him the articles of extradition according to the European Court for Human Rights article 1.
Hanratty talks to Abignale through a small opening in the cell door which is covered by a metal grille. Abignale is couging and spluttering and doesn't appear well. He clutches a blanket round himself. Hanratty starts reading details of an extradition warrant he has for Abignale.
the cop is reading extradition rules to Frank who is sitting in jail and really sick 
The prisoner (Frank) is coughing profusely and the detective is talking to him through the vent, explaining the laws.
The FBI agent Carl Hanratty is shown into a prison, where Frank Abignale is being held. The French officer opens a small viewing window and tells Hanratty he is not allowed to open the door or pass anything to the prisoner. Then Frank Abignale reveals himself from beneath a grey blanket, he is clearly unwell. The FBI agent mumbles some legal stuff then asks Frank if is is ok.
The prisoner continues to violently cough and the officer passes up a joke that he also has a bit of a cold. He also then begins reading the prisoners rights to him. The prisoner then begins to say help me 
Carl hears Frank coughing. He opens up his umbrella and leans down to the hole to speak with Frank. Carl tells him that his rights are being violated. Frank coughs up blood.
Carl begins talking to frank, while frank is coughing franticly. Asking carl to help him
The FBI agent sat where he was told to sit. Before he sat down he opened an umbrella because it was leaking . He continued to communicate with Frank who was coughing and weak in what seemed to be a poor conditioned room. The man read him the laws of basic human rights but Frank could not stop coughing.
Carl Hanratty opened up his umbrella in the wet and dank prison and sat down on the stool in front of the cell.  He mentioned he also has a cold as the prisoner is coughing a lot.  He started talking about articles of extradition and that he had to read them.  Then the prisoner said help me help me.
Carl started to read Frank his extradition rights but Frank looks like he is too sick to understand what is going on.
The FBI agent opens up an umbrella to shield himself from the droplets of water coming from the ceiling. He looks into the cell through the hole and starts talking to Frank, who is having a bad coughing fit. He says he has a bit of a cold himself, then starts listing articles while Frank coarsely whispers help me. 
The imposter is coughing violently, and the man who caught him starts talking with him about penalties
handratty is talking to frank in his prison cell, while he is sick, he has the order of extradition to take him to the united states
Hanratty walks into what I presume is a prison and told by a guard on how to act in the prison.nnHanratty approaches Frank Abagnale, who appears to be gagging on something.nnHanratty tells Abagnale that he is there to extradiate him and starts reading him the riot act.
the fbi agent is looking thrugh the vent at the prisoner, who is coughing badly in a old blanket. The fbi agent starts to talk about human right violations.
The FBI agent has a conversation with the person dressed in the pilot's uniform who is sitting in the middle of the 3 people who claim to be the person in question. The FBI agent has a brief conversation with the person who is in a French prison.
Someone was  locked in the dungeon feeling sick while he was being watched by a detective with a cap and glasses. He told himhe also got a cold himself.
Tom Hank's character puts his umbrella up to shield him from the rain and then reads some articles to Frank, Leonardo Di Caprio's character. Frank is coughing a lot and sounds very ill.
Carl visits Frank in jail where he is in a damp cell with a very bad cough
Tom Hanks decides to sit down and look through the hole and started talking while the other bloke started coughing. Tom hanks says he also have bit of a cold I don't understand what else he said at the end.
The person in the cage continued to cough, and Carl read up his rights, and said he gets cold easily too
The conman Frank, is in a French prison sick asking FBI agent Carl for help. They are calling each other by their first names, there is a feeling of familiarity 
The guy FWA advised caught him reads him legal documents. FWA either says help me or kill me?
Tom Hanks sits on the stool under his umbrella. Leonardo Di Caprio coughs a great deal. Hanks character says he has a cold too and then proceeds to read the extradition rules. Di Caprio crouches in the corner and whispers 'Help Me' several times. 
Karl reads Frank his rights on human treatment, whilst Karl coughs horribly in his cell
Carl is outside prison door with hatch open talking to Frank about his charges.  Frank whispers help and Carl says Frank.
Frank continues to cough loadly and the FBI agent starts reading him his rights.
A man in glasses with a trilby hat visits a prisoner in his cell.  The prisoner is bent over coughing violently.  The man says that he is here to read him his rights of extradition and starts to do this
