Frank junior ran to get a towel to mop up the wine that has spilt all over the cream carpet. Whilst he is gone his mum and dad are dancing. Frank junior comes back with some milk to spot the stain and sees  his mum and dad dancing directly over the spot where the wine spilt and they seem to have a complete disregard for the spillage. Frank junior leans in a doorway and watches them. It is difficult to work out what he is exactly thinking.  
Frank Jr runs off to fetch a towel, crashing loudly through the kitchen door. Frank Snr asks his wife to dance with him and she agrees. They begin dancing together romantically. Frank Jr returns to the room and leans in the doorway, smiling amusingly at his dancing parents. His mother addresses her husband saying, Whenever I dance for you, I get in trouble. The camera then pans to their dancing feet which are dancing around the wine stain on the carpet. Frank Snr spots his son looking over them and gives him a knowing look.
While Abignale junior has gone to the kitchen to get a cloth to wipe up his Mum's red wine spill, his Mum and Dad continue to dance and seem unconcerned about the stain on the carpet. Abignale junior returns with the cloth and watches his mum and dad.
Frank's parents are dancing in the living room over the spilled when while Frank watches after going to grab a towel
Frank Jr ran off to get some towels to clean up the wine spill. Frank Sr begins dancing with her and Frankie Jr rushes back in and sees them. There is intense eye contact between the father and son during the dance.
Franks mother soils red wine on the cream rug whilst dancing. She asks Frank Jnr to go and get a towel. He leaves the room and we see Frank Snr dancing with his French wife, which results in the wine stain being rubbed further into the rug. Frank Jnr returns and stands in the doorway watching as they dance. He is holding a glass of milk and a towel.
Frank JR runs to get something to clean up the red wine from the carpet. As he does, Frank SR and his wife begin to dance together. They take eachother in hand and then begin to dance. The wine gets stamped more into the carpet but they dont seem to care. Frank JR arrives back and watches on.
Frank goes to get a towel for the wine his mother spilled on the rug. His father and mother are dancing when he returns. The wine further seeps into the rug as they dance on top of it.
Frank jr runs to get to the kitchen to get something for the spilled wine. Frank sr asks his wife to dance. Frank jr comes back to see his parents dancing. The parents are dancing on the spot where the wine spilled
Frank Junior ran out to get a towel the way his mom commanded. As soon as he left Frank asked his wife to dance. Frank Junior came back to his parents dancing and he stood at stared at them. The wife said whenever he dances with Frank he gets in trouble. Frank Junior looked down to the rug stain and his dad noticed him and gave him a look I'm confused about
Frank Jr went to get a towel and ran down the hall.  The mom is worried about the stain but the dad said dance with me and then they started dancing together.  Frank jr came back and just watched his parents dance a bit.
Frank ran to get a towel but when he came back he sees his father dancing with his mother right on top of the stain, without a care.
The wife worries over the spilt wine and orders Frank jr to get a towel to clean it up, while Frank sr consoles his wife and encourages her to start dancing with him again. Frank jr returns to the room and watches his parents dancing over the red stain on the carpet. 
Frank Sr and wife dance together over the mess that was just made, while Frank Jr walks back into edge of room with a glass of milk and watches. He is smiling.
frank jr , runs to get a towel to clean up the spilled wine, and then we see his father and mother, dancing on the carpet, having a good time, loving each other
Frank Jr. is dancing with his mother while Frank Sr. is telling old war stories while Embraceable You by Judy Garland is playing on the record player.nnFrank Jr's mother spills some wine on the carpet and Frank Jr. quickly rushes to go finding something to clean it up with.nnFrank sr. starts dancing with his wife and as Frank jr. comes back into the room with the cleaning solvent, he just stops and stares at them.
frank junior went to get a towel and frank snr said dont worry to his wife dance with me and they start dancing. Frank jnr comes back with a towel and what looks like milk in a glass and the mum says when i dance with you i get in trouble.
Frank Sr. dances with his wife as Frank Jr. watches them.
Frank was asked his parent to get a towel from the kitchen to clean the wine that his mum spilled on the rug.  On his arrival, his parents were already locked hands and were dancing. Frank leaned by the door wall and watched them dance.
Frank and his wife ignore the wine stain and continue to dance over it, making the stain worse and worse. Frank Junior stands and watches, smiling.
Frank junior runs to grab a towel as his parents continue to dance all over the red wine stain in the rug
The kid runs off, then came back with a glass of milk i'm not sure. Then the dad and the mother started to dance together and the mother said something about always getting into trouble.
Frank Jr. ran out of the room, then Father Frank and the mother started to dance on the blood. Frank Jr. just watching them.. Calm song playing in the background while they are dancing. Frank Jr. holds a cup of water, he wants to clean up the blood.
Frank is watching his parents dance happily not caring about the split red wine on the white rug 
Parents dance on wine stain, FWAjr looks happy. all look happy
We see Frank jr run into the kitchen, Frank snr begins dancing with his wife on the rug. She says she gets into trouble when she dances with him. Frank jr returns with milk and a towel and looks adoringly at his parents dancing. We then see a close up of the wine stain on the rug and how they are making it worse. 
Frank Jrs parents dance together over the split red win, whilst Frank jnr fetches a glass of milk, he returns and watches them
The mom spills wine and Frank Jr gets a rag to clean it up.  Frank Sr dancing with Mom and Frank Jr comes in and looks at parents dancing in the living room.
Mum and dad starting started dancing together whilst Frank junior watched from a distance. The spilt wine starts to get pressed into the carpet as they dance.
Frank's wife is cleaning the rug where she has spilt some wine when he asks her to dance with him.  They dance and the son watches on. His wife says that she always gets in trouble when she dances with him
