snr is trying to get the lady darcy to open her shop but she is refusing. He explains that his son needs a black suit for his grandfathers funeral that afternoon, its a military funeral with planes flying overhead and a 21 gun salute, they just want to loan one for a few hours. darcy says they dont loan suits and they are not open for another half hour, as she is walking away snr is calling her name, as she goes to close the glass shop door he says darcy is this yours and pulls a gold necklace from his pocket
Frank sr. and Frank jr. are at a clothing store. Frank sr. is asking the store employee if they can borrow a black suit for a funeral. Frank sr. explains there was a death in the family, and it is a big military funeral. Darcy the employee declines the request and walks back in the store. Frank sr. pleads with Darcy to change her mind. Frank sr. dangles a neckalce from his hand, and asks if the neckalce is hers.
Sr. wakes Jr. up after over sleeping for school. Feeds him eggs in bed. Goes into city under guise that Jr. does not have a black suit for Sr.'s dad's death and a funeral going on later that day with military  21 gun salute, planes overhead, etc. All a scam. Approach the suit store early. Darcy works there. Sr. and Jr. want to borrow (not buy) a suit. Then scene cuts out where Sr. is trying to scam Darcy and appears to have a necklace of hers.
Frank Sr wakes Frank Jr up and says they have to go to an important meeting. They go to a suit shop to get Frank Jr a black suit. The shop is not open yet, but they persuade the shop clear to talk to them and Frank Sr tells her that his son needs to borrow a black suit for a military funeral for a couple of hours. She begins to refuse him, but then Frank Sr attempts to bribe her with a necklace.
Frank snr and Frank jnr are at the gate of a closed shop whilst the owner, an older woman, comes to the door to tell them they the shop is still closed. Frank snr asks her name, which is darcy and tries to persuade to let them in as his son need a black suit as his father has just died, a war hero. She continues to say they are not open yet when Frank holds up a gold necklace and asks darcy if it is hers. She looks surpised.
Dorsey is telling Frank that their not open  and Frank is trying to convince her that frank jr needs a  black suit because his grandfather passed away and that it's going to be this major funeral. Dorsey is about to walk away and Frank calls her and ask if this belongs to you in which he pulls out a golden neckless. 
Frank's dad begged Darcy to open the shop, telling her that his son needed a black suit for a military funeral. She said she didn't loan suits and the shop was closed. He begged her again, then showed her a necklace, asking if it was hers.
The father to his son Frank to a suit shop and insisted that the shopkeeper open the shop early but Darcy who works there kept on telling Frank's father that it was still early for the shop to open. Then Frank's father made up a story about why his son needed to borrow a suit for a funeral, but Darcy said no the shop does not borrow suits. Then Frank's father bribed Darcy with some jewelry while standing at the closed gates of the shop.
Frank stands behind the close gate trying to reason with Darcy. She keeps telling him that they do not open for a half hour. He says his dad died and he was a war vet and the funeral is today. She is not reasoning. He then says Darcy is this yours while revealing a golden lock necklace that he allows to dangle.
the man continues to ask for a suit for his son, saying the grandfather died and the suit is needed today, the women says no and goes to walk away when the man calls her back and shows her a necklace and asks if it hers
Frank Sr. pleads with the shopkeeper to let them so Frank Jr can hire a black suit. He tells the shop assistant that his 85-year-old grandfather, a war veteran, has died and there is a big funeral with planes flying over that afternoon. The shop assistant tells them she can't help and the shop is not open yet. Frank Sr drops a trinket and asks the shopkeeper if it's hers.
The 2 Franks have gone to try and borrow a suit claiming they need it for as funeral but the shop isn't open and the lady in the shop isn't being very helpful
The woman says her name is Darcy. Senior tries to reason with her to open the store for them by saying that Junior needds to borrow a suit because they are going to a funeral and its a military funeral of his dad who is 85 years old. He proceeds say that there will be planes and guns. Darcy says they don't loan suits. But he calls her back and shows a necklace
Frank dad was the one banging on the door to lend him a suit for his son, saying that they have a funeral to attend. The woman says they don't lend suits and that they're closed, but suddenly Frank dad says is this yours? and shows some kind of jewellery to her.
Frank begs Darcey to open up as his son needs a black suit for his grandfather's funeral. Darcey says she is sorry but the do not loan suits. Franks begs Darcy and asks her if the necklace is hers
Frank Sr. pleads the shop owner to open the shop. He tells her that they had a death in the family and that he needs to borrow a suit for his son. The funeral is this afternoon and its a military funeral. Darcy says that they don't loan suits and the shop is closed. Frank Sr. continues pleading with Darcy.
Frank and his dad needed a suit for an occasion but the shop was not openednFrank's dad tried to convince the attendant to allow them get the suit but it has not been easy 
Frank and his son are insistent on being let into the suit shop. A woman answers the store and Frank Sr asks her name. She states her name is Darcy. Frank Sr. goes into this whole story about how his father passed away at 80-something years old and his funeral is this afternoon. He states he is a war veteran and there will be planes flying overhead, 21-gun salute, and his son, Frank Jr, will need to borrow a suit for a few hours. Darcy states they don't loan suits and they aren't open, and begins to close the door. Frank Sr asks Darcy if this is hers, while holding a necklace. 
The father begins trying the reason with the shop keeper. Telling her that they need the suit for a funeral, he continues to plead and beg with her to let his son borrow a suit. As the shop keeper is about the turn them away, the father opens his hand to reveal a pendents asking the shop keeper if its hers.
Frank senior tries to convince the shop owner to lend his son a suit, stating that it is his father funeral and will be a military funeral with planes flying over. The lady expresses that they don't loan suits and also are not open. Frank senior asks the lady 'is this yours' and pulls out a necklace 
The men are trying to get into the store for a suit, and the woman is stating they do not open for another half an hour. The father states there was a death in the family, and the person was a war veteran. The woman says the store doesn't open yet, and tries to walk away, and the father asks if a necklace he is holding is hers.
Frank's father is pleading with Darcy to let his son get a suit. He tries to bribe her, and even makes up a story to get her to agree to it while they stand outside of the shop itself.
frank sr continues to ask darcy to open the gate for them and explains that his son has to borrow a black suit for a family military funeral that afternoon. darcy says then dont loan suits and theyre closed. she goes to go back inside and close the door whn frank sr keeps saying her name then pulls out a gold necklace and asks if its hers
Frank and his Dad are outside a department store that is closed.  A blonde woman in red tells them that they are closed. Frank's Dad pleads with her to let them in as Frank needs a suit for a military funeral (that has a 21 gun salute). He calls the woman by her name Darcy to try to plead with her to let the in and unfurls a pendant asking if it is hers to try to persuade her to let them in.
they try to convince her to open the store but she doesnt have it, to which he pulled out a jewellery asking her if it was hers
Frank jnr needs a suit and his father takes him to get one but the store is closed and dont open until after half an hour 
Frankies dad is trying to talk the lady that works at the suit store into letting them in earlier. He tells them that Frankie needs a black suit for a funeral and asks if they can borrow one. At first the shop lady says no but then he asks again and she pauses. 
Frank Sr talks to the woman in a hurried manner, he says that he needs a black suit for his son as they have a funeral they need to go to, however he only needs to rent it. The woman says that they don't rent suits, after which he pulls out a necklace and asks if it's hers. 
The dad exclaims that he needs a suit for his son. The shopkeeper says that they are not open for 30 minutes. The dad asks for her name (which is Darcy) then says he needs a black suit for the funeral of his grandfather who is war hero. Darcy then repeats her previous statement and says sorry and almost closes the door before the dad calls her back and unfurls a necklace with a ring, asking if it is hers
Chris W is with leo outside what is presumably a suit store, knocking on the door. A lady whom he calls darcy(?) says they are not open, at which point Chris tells her that he needs a suit for his son leo because they need to attend a funeral for some war hero relative, planes flying overhead. The lady looks fed up and is about to leave but also looks like she's about to feel sorry for them and probably let them in
