The agent was led inside to the door of the prison cell. The agent was instructed not to open the door or pass anything through the opening that the guard unblocked.
Looks like the FBI agent is about to have a confrontation with the recently arrested Frank
Tom Hanks follows the guard inside the corridor. The guard gives him a stool and tells him not to open the door behind him, and not to pass anything through the drawer that sits on his left. The guard moves on, apparently to leave him to talk to someone by himself.
After the panel have asked the 3 men questions, the show cuts to the actual film of catch me if you can. It shows the FBI agent walking in to the prison in Marseille France where Frank was being held. The agent was speaking to the police officer in charge who opens the door to allow the FBI agent to speak to him.
FBI agent Karl Hanratty is escorted towards the cell in which Abignale is housed. Hanratty is directed to sit on a stool outside the cell and told that he is forbidden to open the door or pass anything through the flap in the cell door. The flap is then opened by the person who escorted and instructed Hanratty. That male then walks back towards the camera and out of frame. 
The actor Tom Hanks, who is playing an FBI agent walks in a French prison following a prison guard or policeman. He is then told by the French man to take a seat, not to give the prisoner anything or to not touch him.
Still on the film snippet, the detective is walked by the prison warden down a corridor to the cell. The warden then provides him a chair and provides him informs him on the rules, He open the food slot to show him not to place anything in there and concluded his instructions. Following this he walks down the corridor they entered in.
The guy in the movie played by Tom Hanks was led into this dark room and was told to sit down.  The foreign man who seems like he is in charge was telling him what he can and can't do.  He can't pass anything through that hole in the wall.
The American officer is taken to a room with three cells. The officer leading him into the room places down a chair and instructs him to sit there, to not open the door and not pass anything into the hole in the cell.
Carl Hanratty goes to France to see Frank Abignale, when he convinces the French police to let him go into the prison to see Frank, they lead him down a long corridor of prison cellls.  When they get to the bottom the detective gets Carl a stool and says You sit here and do not open the door or pass him anything through the gap 
The FBI agent, Hanraddy, arrives at a French prison and works through a language barrier to get to see Abignail. The warden gives him a stool in a prison block with solid doors rather than bars and instructs him to sit on the stool where it is placed, and not to pass anything to the prisoner through the small slot he opens so they can speak to one another.
The FBI agent who caught the con man was escorted to a cell and given instructions to sit on a stool and not to pass the prisoner he is seeing through a hole.
The guard showed Tom Hanks the door to the cell and gave him a stool to sit on. He tersely instructed him, in French-accented English, to not open the door or pass anything through the food tray slot he opened.
the FBI agent played by Tom Hanks is led into the prison. told where to sit and not to pass anything thru the cell flap-door.
Hanratty is led inside the prison. He is instructed how to behave as he is about to interview Abagnale.
The FBI agent played by Tom Hanks is taken into the prison in Marseille. Inside it is dark and dingy. He is led to what looks like a public toilet, where is he is told to sit and wait. Presumably, they will soon bring out Frank Abagnale Jr. 
Kyle Hanraddy, the FBI agent is led down a dark, dimly lit corridor, by prison officials. On the way, one prison official picks up a small stool that was by a wall halfway down the corridor. He proceeds to put down the stool about 1 metre from the door of the jail cell, he then opens a small hole to the cell that looks like a letterbox and is where food is passed to tyhe prisoners. He tells Hanraddy to sit here. The prison official then tells the FBI agent, Hanraddy, to not open the prison door and not to pass anything to the prisoner, which we are to infer at this stage is Abignail.
contestaint 2 got caught by the FBI and was put in jail
a flashback on the conbman in a france prison, he has a visit from American agent that apprehends him 
The two men walk through a dimly lit hallway, one of the men is instructed to sit and not open the door or pass anything through the rectangular hole in the wall. The other man walks way. 
The officer opens the door to a hallway and leads the FBI agent to the end of the hall. The officer then pulls up a stool and tells him to sit there and that he must not pass anything through the hole. The officer then opens the hole and walks down the hallway to speak to the other officer.
The FBI agent enters the building, where they are told by a French officer that they are not to pass the prisoner any items whilst talking to them, nor are they allowed to enter the room in which they are being held. He places a small chair on the ground for the agent to sit on.
The detective was asked to sit down, and the local policemen handed him a stool, and opened a little door to the cell. Detective Tyler was also asked not to open the door on the left nor hand Frank anything through the gap
The groupof men walk into the prison and set up an area for the investigator to talk to the con man. 
The detective is led to the cell, and told not to open the door, not to pass anything through to the prisoner and to sit down
The officer is taken inside and shown to the door of Frank's cell. The guard places a stool outside the door and tells the officer to sit there. The guard tells the officer he is not to go near the hole in the door or pass anything through the hole.
The FBI agent is outside and it is raining. He is surrounded by a lot of foreign men working at the prison where the boy stays at. He is finally able to communicate with them that he is an agent from the United States. He is brought into the prison by an official. He is given a set of strict rules to abide by while in the facility. He is then left alone.
The FBI agent is taken into the jail to see the prisoner.  They walk down a long hall.  You hear water drops.  The agent is told where to sit, and that he does not unlock the door, or open the small box door which he then opens and leaves.  he walks away
The prison official brings Carl Hanratty to the prison cell of Frank Abagnale. The official moves over a bench and open a flap to the prison so Carl can speak to the prisoner. The official instructs Carl that he cannot pass anything to the prisoner through the slit opening.
They tell the man to sit on that chair, to not open any door and to not pass anything by that hole on the wall
