It was focusing on the person still that was the prisoner. He was tearing a label off of a wine bottle while a woman in a red dress was smoking a cigarette. The man that was at the podium was introducing another man and as he was walking up to the podium everyone stood up and clapped except for the person that was the prisoner in the scene before. The words 'Six Years Earlier' appeared on the screen.
The rotary club guy finishes introducing the newest inductee to the lifetime hall of fame.  Frank Jr. is looking bored at the table, fiddling with a bottle of wine and ripping off the label.  Frank Sr, played by Christopher Walken, is announced as the honoree and he gets up to walk to the stage as everyone is cheering.  
So there is some sort of ceremony. Where DiCaprio's character father is being asked to step on a stage.
Six years earlier before Leonardo's character got caught, he was a rotary meeting in a crowd with Christopher Walken's character. He peeled a label off of a beer bottle and a man announced his name to come up on stage.
Looks like a flash to when Frank was at a award ceremony with his mother and farther , his father is being given an award.
Frank jr is young and is at an event with his parents where his dad is receiving recognition. 
Frank rips off the wine bottle label. Someone walks up to the stage to collect their reward.
it goes back to 6 years earlier where there is a room full of people sat around at dining tables, a man talking on a microphone who looks like a president, he announces and asks for his good friend to join him on the stage, that good friend was frank
Frank got caught, then it transitioned to an awards ceremony.
The do a flashback to six years earlier, when Frank and his parents are at a Rotary Club dinner and Franks father is getting some type of award. They show Frank peeling off the label of a wine bottle as his fathers gets up to make a speech.
It is a scene from six years ago, a celebration for a man named Frank Abagnale
Frank is seated at a table while the speech continues. Frank rips a paper label off a wine bottle and opens the bottle. At the same table sits another man. The speaker introduces Frank and invites him to stand up, however, it is the other man at the table who stands up. The text on the screen lets us know it was six years ago.
We're at a Rotary Club gala where a man is being recognized. It's revealed that Frank is the one who's getting the accolades, the event taking place 6 years earlier from the present. 
frank was in the prison on his knees and a guard held a gun to his head. frank fell back onto his back and said take me hime.  we then went to 6 years earlier to an awards ceromony n
The scene is at a Rotary Club meeting. Frank William Abagnale (presumably the father of the man the movie is about) is being honored by the Rotary Club.nnAt the end of the scene, the Rotary Club speaker announces Frank Abagnale's name. Frank stands, kisses the woman next to him (the woman is seated next to the star of the movie), and approaches the dais.
The missing parts it is about situations six years earlier when Frank had a party. Wake up, there also was a ball, Frank was opening red wine. 
There is an an awards ceremony where Frank's father is going to be inducted into a hall of fame at his club. While the emcee is introducing Frank Snr, Frank Jnr is peeling the label off a bottle of wine ane we see that this is an event 6 years earlier
The scene shows a flashback which was six years earlier. It shows the prisoner frank but also another man named frank who may be his father getting praised and a award.
Frank jr. is sitting at a table in a dinner event with his parents. His hair is neatly combed and he's wearing a uniform. He picks up a bottle of wine and rips the label off as the man at the podium calls out his Fathers name Frank Abignail (Christopher Walken) in honour of him. 
Frank in a conman role gets nominated to speak at the podium. 
We now go to a scene that was six years later, Frank is sitting at a nice banquet listening to a speaker. Frank is all cleaned up and peeling the label of a wine bottle. He is sitting next to a lady in a red dress who is smoking a cigarette. The speaker is telling the audience that there are currently 57 names on the wall of honor and tonight there would be 58. He then calls Frank's name. The audience stands and applauds him. 
At the Rotary Club a speaker is introducing Frank as someone who keeps their pencils sharp.  Frank is peeling a label off of a bottle of wine and the crowd cheers as he works his way up to the stage.
Frank's father, who shares the same name as him, is getting recognized at what seems like a military ceremony six years earlier. 
The scene is now set to 6 years earlier where a man on stage is announcing newest member to their exclusive club which is the real Frank Abignal. On the same table you see the conman trying to take label off a wine bottle.
Frank pulls a label off a bottle of wine, disinterested in the speech. The speaker announces that Frank William Abignail will be inducted into the club. There is applause. At this point it looks like another man gets up to receive the ward. I am not sure as the clip cut out here and I'm not great at identifying faces.
Franks fathers name is announced as Frank is ripping the label of a bottle of wine. As his father is walking to the stage, a caption tells us that this scene is from 6 years ago.
So this guy on the podium continues his introduction of this Frank guy. The man we say as frank in the prison is sitting in his chair and ripping a label off of a wine bottle. As the man on the podium asks everyone to welcome Frank up to the stand an older gentleman gets up and starts walking to the podium. The crowd claps.
Frank is at a hosted party with his family. His father gets an award. It is 6 years earlier.
They do a flashback to 6 years previously where Frank's dad is receiving an award at a dinner in his honor.
The scene moves to 6 years earlier - Where Frank William Abignail is sitting at a Rotary Club awards ceremony, where he is busy tearing off the label of a wine bottle.  The character on the stage is introducing the award, in which he then awards it to Frank William Abignail.  Frank then gets up and gives the woman he was sitting next to at the table a kiss and continues to walk to the stage to accept the award
