It is Christmas and Franks Senior and Junior are at home with mum. There is a tree up and Frank Senior is putting his award on the wall. Frank Junior and his mother are dancing and there is music on. 
Both franks hug. Then it cut to what looks to be their home. Older frank is hanging up his certificate and then tells his wife to show their son the dance she did when they met. We see younger frank dancing with his mother and older frank starts a story where he mentions them being in France.
Everyone stood up and congratulated him. Next scene starts in Abegnale's house as he is hanging his award on the wall during holidays as there is a christmas tree in the living room. 
Fran Jr. hugs his father at the ceremony. We then cut to an establishing shot of a big house in the winter. Inside, we find Frank Sr. hanging his award on the wall as Frank Jr. and his mother dance by a Christmas tree.
The whole room rises up and gives Frank Snr an ovation, Frank Snr hugs Frank Jnr.  It cuts to a suburban American house in the snow.  Inside the house Frank Snr hangs his award on the wall while Frank Jnr dances with his mum in front of the Christmas tree.
the crowd were clapping as the man received his award.  he then went home at christmas and put his reward on the wall
The crowd at the rotary applauds. Cut screen to the Abignails at home, during christmas. Frank Sr. places his plaque on the wall while frank jr dances with his mother by the christmas tree. Frank sr begins to explain where he and the mother learned to dance, in france.
Frank senior and junior have a hug at the end of Frank seniors speech. The scene then cuts to a gramophone player in a living room where Frank Senior, his wife and Frank junior are talking and Frank senior is hanging his award (for unknown) on the wall.
it cuts to the abignail family at home frank is dancing with his mother. There is music playing.
They are now at home and Frank Sr. hangs the plaque on the wall and its found that he must have married his wife after WW2 since she is from France.
After Frank's dad receives a standing ovation, the scene then cuts to Frank and his mom and dad in their living room at home. Frank's Dad is hanging his award on the wall while Frank Jr. dances with his mother next to the Christmas tree.
The father finishes his speech and father and son hugh. It then cuts to the next scene which is Christmas and Mother and son are dacing next to the decorated Christmas tree, as Father is putting up his framed certificate
Frank Abangale Jr. (played by Leonardo DiCaprio, stands up and cheers for his had who had finished the speech) and gives him a hug. Everyone else stands and claps as well. It then turns to a scene in the snow, of their house, shows a statue of Mary and Joseph in the yard and their car, and a record player is playing as it shows on the screen and the mother Paula says to her son Frank Jr. that he is a better  dancer than his father, meanwhile he puts his award up on the wall that shows his name Frank Abangale. They are dancing in the family room, looks very 60s like, with the mother wearing a long dress and Frank Jr. a sweater, with red walls and carpet. The dancing by the mother and son are by their Christmas tree and the dad Frank starts to talk about a certain time he was dancing with his wife before the scene ended. 
The whole room erupts with applause again and this time accompanied by a standing ovation. Frank Senior walks off the stage whilst his son Frank Junior walks towards him and greets him with a hug. The camera pans to a snowy scene outside, there is a car parked outside and a bench in the distance. The camera then slowly pans inside of a house that appears to belong to Frank and his family, they are reminiscing about something as Frank hangs up the award he received in the previous scene on the wall. Frank Junior and a woman, presumably his mother are dancing in front of a big decorated Christmas tree whilst engaging in conversation with Frank Senior. 
Abignale's day gets a standing ovation for his speech. Scene cuts to the Abignale family home, where Jr is dancing with his mum at Christmas.
after his speech, he recieved a standing applouds and wnt home. he hanged the award onto the wall.
Abignail went down the stage then hugged his son. Then  the setting changed to a house and the man inside was putting up frames up on the wall while another man and women where dancing to music in the living room. It was Christmas time because the Christmas tree was put up
Abigial's father is talking to his wife about how they met and what dance they did when doing so. While this is happenning Abigial is dancing with his mother.
At the event Frank snr got a standing ovation after his speech and got a hug from Frank Jnr, the next scene shows a happy Abagnale family, The father hangs an award frame on the wall while Frank jnr. dances with his mother.
Frank senior is getting a standing ovation and when off the stage he goes and gives his son Frank jr a hug. It then cuts to christmas time and Frank jr is dancing with his mum while a record plays and Frank senior is nailing his award on to the wall
at franks house his family are celebrating and hes dancing with his mom
We see rapturous applause for Frank senior at the awards ceremony, then we cut to their home. Mrs Abagnale is dancing with Frank Jnr in the lounge and she comments that he is a better dancer than her husband. Frank senior places his award certifiicate in a frame on the wall. Then we see Frank Jnr dancing with his mother in front of the Christmas tree
Franks' dad thanks everyone for the award. Next, Frank and his family are back home, in a nice big house in the suburbs. It's Christmas and Frank is dancing with his step-mother, while his dad talks about how the two of them met.
We're shown the Abagnale family in their home, Frank Sr is hanging up his award whilst his wife and Frank Jr share a wholesome dance around the Christmas tree.
He had a standing ovation and then went and hugged his son. It then showed their home, it had been snowing. Inside Frank Senior was hanging up his certificate on the wall. There was music playing and the Mum and young Frank were dancing in front of the Christmas tree.
The award scene ends with Frank hugging someone. Then there is a shot of a car in snow which is show, indicating it is Christmas time. A couple dance to a record which is playing. 
Cut to scene of Frank Jnr walking to the living room door with a cup of milk (for the stain i assume) and pauses to watch his dad, Frank Snr, and his mum dancing together. They say whenever I dance with you I get in trouble as the carry on dancing around the red wine stain on the carpet. nnThe scene cuts to Frank Snr bursting in to Frank Jnrs room during the night (I think) as Jnr is asleep in his bed, stating the need to leave.
Everybody was clapping at the end of the speech. Frank jr hugged his father. At home the wife was so proud of him.
franks son was clapping for his father and everyone in the hall stood up while clapping their hands, frank and his son hugged themselves tightly and a house was shown with a red car parked Infront of it, frank was seen hanging the plaque he received on the wall while having a conversation with his wife and son who were dancing with each other 
Franklin Sr received the award and Franklin Jr was proud of his father. It then changes to a scene in their home, Franklin Sr hanging the award on the wall.
