Frank's father receives an award or accolade from the ceremony and thanks the dignitaties and his son. He then tells a story about two mice in a bucket of cream.
the general told about his son sitting there, then started telling a story about 2 mice
He acknowledges his loving wife Paula and son Frank Junior who are sat in the front row. He starts telling a tale about 2 mice. They fell into a bucket of cream, the 1st mouse gave up and drowned. the 2nd mouse churned the cream to butter from his not giving up attitude.
Franks father takes the stand to give a speech and accepts being honoured on stage by the prior official or club member, he cites his gratitude to his wife and his son frank, and priceeds to give a story about an analogy of 2 mice and their differening efforts and outcomes
Frank's father continues his acceptance speech. He beams with pride while pointing out his wife and son. He begins to tell an anecdote about two mice that fell into a bucket of cream. One surrendered and drowned, and the other moved so much and so fast that he turned the cream into butter. 
We get a sense of Frank Abagnale Junior's privileged background. It is his father, Frank senior, who is being honoured on this occasion. In his speech he starts to tell a story about two mice in a bucket of cream. One gives up and drowns, the other struggles so hard the cream turns to butter.  
Frank's father is accepting an award.  The mayor and other distinguished people are there.  He thanks everyone for the award, and begins telling a story about two mice that fell into a bucket of cream.
There is an award ceremony where Frank senior is receiving an award for being honored for something, There he acknowledged the presence of his son Frank Jnr who is our main person of interest. This scene is portraying an event that occurred  years before Frank was caught.
Frank Sr. accepts an award an thanks his wife and son Frank Jr..He is now giving his acceptance speech and is using an analogy.
The origenal Frank tells his story to the crowd.
scene is 6 years earlier  The award is being presented to father of frank  who comes up following the 57 prior recipients to become the 58 award winner.. Gives thanks to wife who is sitting at table and his son Frank who is also at the table -  father tells tale of 2 mice who fall into bowl of cream  -  1st mouse gives up and drowns  -  the other swims until cream churned into butter  - so survives
The older Frank gives thanks to his wife and Frank Jr, who applaud him. He starts a story about two mice who fall into a bucket of cream. The first gives up while the second struggles so hard it turns the cream into butter. 
Frank Sr. begins by thanking his wife, Paula, and his son Frank Jr. (the guy from the prison) and then he thanks the mayor and the leader of the club. He then begins to tell an anecdote which goes something like this two mice fell into a bucket of milk. The first mouse soon gave up and drowned but the second mouse, well he struggled so hard that he churned that milk into butter...
Frank's father (also called Frank) is making his speech. He is telling a story about a mouse who struggled but in the end succeeded.
We see that the awards ceremony takes place 6 years earlier than the prison scene. It shows Franks father is the one receiving the award. He comes to the podium to collect his award thanking his peers and then his wife who is seated at a table near the front with his son Frank junior, the man who was the prisoner in France. Frank senior then tells a story about two mice who get stuck in a bucket of cream. One mouse drowns whilst the other struggles so much he turns the cream to butter.
The man accepting the award thanks his wife and son and then makes an analogy about if you don t give up you eventually get butter from milk
Frank William Abergnale Sr starts to give a speech, thanking his wife Paula and son Frank Jr, (the Frank from the last scene). Paula and Frank Jr smile and clap. Frank Sr begins to tell a story about two mice who fall into a bucket of cream; one gives up, but the other keeps swimming until the cream has been churned into butter.
He was doing his thank you speech and was thanking his wife and mentioning his son frank Jr who is sitting front row. It showed a young frank jr smiling and looking back at his mum looking proud and clapping. Frank Senior then sniffs wipes his nose and then goes into a story of two mice that fell into a vat of cream. One gave up and died, the other determined and didn't want to give up so easily and he churned the cream that much, that it turned into butter. and it ended there pretty much
Now the film has gone back in time to 1963 where we see Frank as a young boy and his father being given an award and telling a story
the father of the imposte Frank is accepting an award. He thanks his son amongst other people and the crown applauds. He then begins an anecdote about two mice falling into cream, one drowns the other struggles so hard he turns the cream into butter. 
The man introduced to  the stage was Frank's father. I found that out because he introduced frank as his son and he proceeded with his speech.
Frank senior is accepting an award and mentions his wife and son.  He then goes on to tell the story of two mice who have fallen into cream.  
Frank's father was asked to give a speech. After thanking attendees and praising his wife and son, he started telling a story of two mice who fell into a bucket of cream.nOne of them quickly gave up and drowned, while the other didn't, and treaded the cream so long, it eventually has turned into butter.
Frank Sr. showed appreciation to his wife Paula and his son Frank Jr. He then proceeded to tell a story about how 2 mice fell into a bucket of cream. The first mouse gave up and drowned, but the second mouse kept fighting until he churned the cream into butter.
Frank senior introduced his wife and son (Frank Junior) who we saw in the prison, to the audience.  He then went on to tell a story about 2 mice that fell into cream.  He said that one gave in and died but that the other fought so hard to live that he turned the cream into butter.
Frank Sr mentioned his wife and son Frank Jr in his acceptance speech, saying he wouldn't be there if it wasnt for them. He then told the audience an anecdote about two mice who fell into a bucket of cream. One mouse gave up quickly and drowned. The other mouse struggled so hard and long that he ended up churning that cream into butter.
So the scene where Frank appears to be in America is six years earlier, and he is at a dinner, his father started giving speech about mice
Frank's dad is giving aspeech and telling a story about two mice that fell in a vat of cream. One quickly drowned, and the other one swam until he turned the cream into butter.
the man is giving a speech at an evening event 
Franks dad, also called Frank, is giving a speech after accepting an award recognition.
