Carl says to the prison officers If he dies I'll hold you responsible. At that moment they hear the door slightly squeak, knowing at that point that Frank has escaped quietly without them noticing. The next scene cuts to him running through the prison whilst the prisoners are cheering him on. Frank is genuinely sick and is coughing badly has he tries to run but struggles to do so.  
Carl states to the warden that Frank needs to be extradited to the US and that if anything happens to him, he's holding the warden responsible. The warden then turns around to the hospital bed warily and opens the curtains. Frank is gone and the adjacent door is ajar. He yells in French to the guards in the room and they all rush out shouting. Carl then stands there looking slightly amused and says, Oh, Frank.... The scene then cuts to  Frank half stumbling and half crawling down a prison corridor. The prison alarm is going and the prisoners in cells overlooking the corridor are cheering and banging cups loudly in celebration of Frank's escape     
Hanratty is concerned Abignale might die. He berates the officials in the medical wing while they are washing their hands. Whilst this is going on Abignale has been left unattended and he flees through an exit door. He is next seen running through a main prison wing and all the other prisoners are banging on their cells presumably to encourage him.
While waiting to be seen by a doctor, Franks tries to escape by running out and we see him trying to go through the jail by all the cells with prisoners 
Frank escapes the guards and doctors and runs out to where the jail cells are overlooking him. He is still coughing and can barely stands 
Frank is escorted by many French police officers to a hospital ward in the prison. Hanratty demands he is seen by a doctor so that he can be extradited the following day. Whilst Hanratty is making demands, and the police officers are washing their hands' to wash off the lice', Frank is able to escape from the hospital ward and then can be seen making a run through the prison.
The prisoner is taken to the medical bay where the FBI officer is informed there is no doctor available. While he is explaining to the french police that he has to take the prisoner back to america, they suddenly notice he has escaped! It then cuts to Frank running through the prison cells attempting to escape before ultimately collapsing on the floor. 
Carl tells the warden that Frank must be put on a flight to the US. The warden says the doctor will be in tomorrow. Carl tells the warden that he will hold him responsible if Frank dies. As they have their exchange, Frank leaves the room. The camera and the gaze of the two men pan towards the swinging curtain and open door. The warden opens the curtain to the bed and sees Frank missing. The warden and his men run out the door, after Frank. In the next scene, prisoners are cheering as Frank crawls across the floor.
Frank escapes, the guards go running out the store. Inmates are seen clapping and cheering as Frank is running down the hall. Frank is still coughing and falls to ground
The FBI agent told the man he was talking to that if Frank dies he will hold him responsible. The man told him the doctor comes in tomorrow and they kept going back and forth while Frank was in the emergency room. When the man opened the curtains Frank was no where to be found . It seemed like he ran away and the guards rushed out. The FBI agent held the door and seemed to be impressed by Frank. Frank ran down the prison corridors while the prisoners cheered at the witness of his escape. Frank continued to run as weak as he was and did not give up but he fell.
They placed Frank on a gurney and Carl kept saying he'd get him home in the morning.  Then the french police went to wash their hands and Carl asked what they were doing, he needs a doctor.  The french police said he'd get one in the morning and then carl said he worked too long and too hard and if something happened he'd hold them responsible.  Then they noticed a door was ajar and saw Frank had got out and then the french warden said something to h is guards and Carl said Frank, Frank.  Then it cut scenes to show Frank running down a prison cellblock while still coughing and then he fell on his knees.
Frank took the opportunity to run away while the agents were arguing with each other. He was too weak to make it far though and ended up falling down.
The FBI agent is arguing with the prison staff that Frank needs to be on a plane to America tomorrow and needs to see a doctor today, but the prison staff are saying he will see a doctor tomorrow. The agent tells the staff he will blame them if anything happens to Frank. One of the staff notices a door is ajar and strips back the curtains of the beds to discover Frank is missing. The man exclaims and they all run through the door in pursuit of Frank. Frank is seen running through the prison, still coughing, while inmates overlook the scene and cheer him on. We see the staff come through the door at the end of the corridor, catching up to him. 
The man tells the prison officials that if Frank dies, he's holding them responsible. He says Frank needs to be taken to a hospital in America. Frank is shown making his way across a hallway being cheered by other inmates 
we see frank at the hospital, seemingly sick, and handratty and the french people there talking in the hallway, saying he needs him well and he needs to see a doctor, we then see that he has escaped and he is going through a prison trying to escape
Hanratty thinks that Abagnale is not actually sick and continues to read him the riot act.nnAbagnale falls out and Hanratty believes that he is actually sick now and calls for medical personel to come inside of the jail cell and retrieve him and take him to the hospital.nnMedical personal takes Frank Abagnale to the hospital and they tell Hanratty that he won't get medical care in that instant and that he will only be treated when the US comes to retrieve him.nnHanratty threatens the medical team to speed up Frank's care.nnThe medical personel goes to where Frank is laid up in the hospital in order to help him and finds out that he has escaped.
They took frank the prisoner to the doctors ward where the guards said he will be seen in the moning. The fbi agent said to frank he will be going home in the morning. he then said to the guard he needs to take frank on a flight to america tomorow. then the guard and the fbi agent notice the door is open and the guard checks the bed and frank the prisoner has gone and it cuts to frank coughing trying to run out of the prison.
The prisoner after being placed in a bed while waiting to be seen by a Dr. the next day tries to escape the French prison while no one is paying attention. The prisoners cheer him on as he falls as he tries to escape.
'Take this man away from me, if he dies I will hold you responsible', the main character in glasses said to the prison guard. The prison guard then opened the bay of beds,whileothers rushed by his side. A different scene of prisoners shouting and chanting were shown.
Frank's trying to escape the prison, coughing along the corridors as he goes. 
Carl while demanding for a doctor for Frank from the French police, Frank slips out the side door running away
While Tom hanks was talking to the prison staff, Frank managed to escape the room however he started having a coughing fit.
Frank escaped from the room, the guards ran after him,  and Frank ran through a room where was several cages with other prisoners cheering him because of his escape. 
Frank is sick, he left the hospital bed and is escaping from prison as the prisoners cheer. 
Frank escspes back through the prison. He coughing. Prisoners hype around him from the cells. 
Tom Hanks tells the French man in charge that if Frank dies he will hold him responsible. They turn and see that the door is ajar. The man in charge pulls back the curtains from the sick bay, Frank is gone. They all run out after him apart from Tom Hanks, who says 'oh Frank'. We then cut to the inside of the main prison where many prisoners are banging cups on the wall cheering on Frank's escape. There is an alarm sounding. Frank is trying to run but coughing badly. He falls to the floor but gets up and continues his escape. 
Frank escaped from the infirmary bed and is seen collapsing coffing in front on the prisoners whilst running away
Carl talking to guards and telling them to get doctor.  They are washing their hands.  Then they move the curtain and Frank is gone.  The prisoners are screaming and Frank is hobbling down the hall.
The FBI agent was distracted taking to the others and Frank took off through the open door and made a break for it. This seemed to amuse Karl and the other inmates cheered him as he ran through the prison. 
The man says that he will hold the prison guards responsible if Frank dies.  It then shows all the prisoners crowded in their cells banging the bars and making a lot of noise.  At the end it shows a man bet double with long hair walking along the corridor
