Frank is taken by his father abruptly and unexpectedly to a clothing store because he needs a black suit. The store is closed and a storekeeper is told they need a suit at short notice due to a death in the family.
franks dad took him to buy a black suit
Frank senior goes in to wake up Frank Junior taking him breakfast. There are flash comic by the bed. Frank Jr says he has overslept and Frank Sr said he didn't have to go to school today as he needed a black suit.They go to the shop that is not open and bang on the door. the sales assistant Darcy answers and says they open in half an hour. Frank Sr asks her to open anyway as his son needs a black suit as they have had a family loss Frank Sr father and he needs a suit.
Franks father wakes him up and has breakfast in his hand, Frank senior tells his son he doesnt have to go to school today and then he proceeds to ask about a black suit and feeds him some of his breakfats, the camera pans to a shop which is closed both frnak and his son, try to urge a lady to open the shop early so they could get his son a black suit urgently
Frank's father continues to wake him by attempting to make him eat. The scene then cuts to a lady running through her shop, responding to aggressive knocking. Frank and his father stand at the locked door of the shop. He demands to get in and is turned down because the store is closed for another thirty minutes. He begins to try to persuade and charm the shopkeeper, saying he needs a black suit for Frank. He then states that his father has died and the suit is needed for the funeral. 
We learn how Frank Junior picked up his talent to deceive. Lacking a black suit Frank Senior takes his son into town and spins a yarn about his father dying to try to persuade the reluctant shop assistant to open her store early so he can get a suit for his son  
Frank Sr. woke up Frank Jr. and told him to put on a black suit.  They then show up at a men's store, but it hasn't opened yet.  Frank Sr. begins spinning a tale about how they need a suit due to the unexpected death of his father.
Franks parents are dancing in the living room as Frank watches. The next morning Frank's dad rushes to wake Frank Jnr who seems to have overslept. However Frank needs a suit which they rush to get but the store is still closed, They try to convince the shop assistant to open for them even though its not yet time for the shop to open.
Frank Sr. wakes up his soon. He seems stressed. The two of them go to a store which hasn't opened yet but Frank Sr. begs them to open  so he can get a black suit for his son. He explains that his elderly father has just passed away and that he must move quickly.
Frank's dad woke him up in the morning and asked him if he had a black suit, unfortunatly he did so his dad to him to the store to get one but the store was not open at the time. His father called the store keeper to open up because he needed to get a black suit for his son.
frank snr goes to wake up son   gets him up and goes to shop -  shop is not open and dorthy, shop assistant, says not open for 30 min   - Frank snr pleads that needs black suit for son for funeral
A shopkeeper comes running as Sr and Jr now bang on a closed shop. They need a black suit because of a death in the family. 
Frank sr. tells Frank jr. to get up and that they are going to the city. Scene changes to a locked up storefront where the shop assistant is called out by frank sr. who is standing on the other side of a bar fence with frank jr. Frank sr., amongst calls from the shop assistant saying they are closed, begins to say that his son needs a black suit due to a death in the family, his father 80 something and that its an emergency. Stop sleeping please or I'll charge you audiobook rates.
The two men woke up, Frank JR being dragged to a store by his father. The father tries to reason with the shopkeeper to open the store 30 mins early so that he can get a suit. The excuse is that there was a death in the family and JR needs a black suit.
Frank senior wakes Frank up with some breakfast. A woman is seen running down a store aisle to banging on the door. She opens door where Frank and his son are standing. She says they don't open for half an hour. Frank senior says he's in a fix and needs a black suit for his son as there been a death in the family, his father in his 80's and he needs this suit. 
The father tells frank he needs to find a back suit for a meeting in the city - the science cut to them standing outside a shut clothes shop rattling the door asking them to open. The shop assistant says they dont open for another half hour but the dad insists the shop is open as they urgently need a black suit for a funeral 
Frank Sr takes Frank Jr to a suit shop to get him a black suit. He knocks on the door and the shop employee, whose name we learn is Darcey, says that the shop doesn't open for half an hour. Frank Sr reveals that Frank Jr needs a black suit because there has been a death in the family, Frank Sr's father, who has died at the age of 85.
Frank Junior has been awaken by his dad, and he is really insistent on him eating some breakfast whilst asking if he has anything black.nWhilst still waking up and rubbing his eyes, he begins to eat what his father passed him. It then changes to the next scene where a woman is running through a Tailored suit store as someone is knocking on their door, she shouted we are not open yet and proceeds to open the first door to hear what the customers have to say. nIt is frank and his dad stood there at the gates, his dad is pleading with them to just open their doors and that his son is in need of a black suit as they've had a death in the family. The woman is quietly repeating the relevant parts of what he is saying, whilst fiddling with her shoes.
Frank wakes up frank junior and takes him to a store that is not yet open yet he is trying to persuade the sales assistant to open the store early to allow them to get a black suit for frank junior due to the death of his grandfather
the father wakes the son up for school. They head to a shop which isn't open yet and he's banging at the door to be let in and served. He tells the woman his son needs a black suit as there's been a death in the family, his father, an 85 year old war veteran...
Frank and his father went to a store to get him a black suit but the store owner kept insisting that they are not opened yet but Frank's father is trying to convince the store owner.
The two Franks turn up to a store half an hour before it opens.  The woman running the store says she can't help until the store opens.  Frank Senior starts to tell a tall tale of how his dad has just died and so he needs a black suit for his son.  
After waking him up, his father tell him there's somewhere they need to attend, and so he should eat his breakfast.nThe scene then cuts to a clothing store, where his father tries to convince the shopkeeper to open it for them, since his son needs a black suit for a funeral.
Frank Sr. tells his dad that they have a very important meeting in the city. They are then seen banging on the front door of a business. The lady who works there says they aren't open, but Frank Sr, begs her to let them in. He says he needs a black suit for his son.
Frank senior took Frank junior to a store to buy him a black suit.  A woman came to the store and said they were not open yet.  Frank senior asked her for help saying that there had been a death in the family and that he needed a black suit for his son.  He also stated that his grandfather was 85.
Frank Sr feeds his son some eggs from the plate, says he doesnt have to go to school today but that he needs to get up. Scene cuts to a woman hurrying to the front door of a tailor shop and both Franks bang on the grating impatiently and tell her to open up. The woman says they don't open for half an hour. Frank Sr ignores that statement, asks the shopkeeper her name and she replies DarcynFrank Sr tells her that it's a nice name, his son needs a black suit then makes up a story about the grandfather being a war hero
Frank's father take him to buy a suit but the shop is closed still 
Frank Senior and Frank Jr are trying to get a shop lady to open the store early, so he can get a black suit because there was a death in the family.
the dad woke his kid up to go some where with him. there's men outside a woman's shop knocking on the windows and asking for her to open the shop. so they could speak to someone 
frank jr and his father are going shopping for a suit. The store is closed but they are asking for it to be open early as they need a suit for a funeral.
