The FBI agent was shown outside of the cell were the prisoner was being detained. He was told not to open the door or pass anything through the hatch. He opened the spy hole to see the prisoner wrapped in a blanket and coughing profusely. The place appeared damp as water was escaping through the roof so the FBI agent put up an umbrella to shield himself from the water.
Tom Hanks sees through the small opening of the door the second person in a bad contition, coughing intensevly.
Tom Hank looks the second person through the small opening of the door. The second person was in a bad contition. Wound up with a blanket and caughing badly.
The officer instructs the FBI agent to not pass anything to the prisoner through the opening,  The agent looks through the hole and sees a man in the dark corner of the cell sick and coughing.  The agent then stands up and puts an umbrella over his head.
The FBI agent looks through the mesh and see a man wrapped in a tattered blanket who is coughing and spluttering and slumps down to the ground. The prisoners hair is long and his face looks dirty and bruised. The FBI Agent says oh Jesus and looks back over to the French Guards. He then opens his umbrella as he looks up to the leaking ceiling.
The FBI agent was told not to hand anything to the prisoner, Abignail. He looked into the cell and it is wet and cold. He opened an umbrella because water was dropping on him.
Tom Hanks' character looks through the hole and sees Abignail sitting in a corner, dirty and sick. He then notices the ceiling is leaking and opens his umbrella.
The warden of the prison opens the small hatch to the prison cell. Detective Hanready peers into the small opening that features a protective grate. He sees a sick Frank who is wrapped in a thin blanket and coughing intensely. The detective witnesses the bad state of the prison who water dripping from the roof. He decides to shield himself with his umbrella.
The lead investigator from the FBI opened the flap to see the prisoner, and saw someone who was coughing profusely and awfully sick. He then opened an umbrella in side.
The French prison guard takes Karl to outside the cell where Frank is held. he points towards a small viewing hole and says do not place your hands in there or pass any object in or out. Karl takes a seat and is shocked by what he sees. Frank is beaten up dirty, hungry and soaked in rain.n
The man was in the jail abroad, other man,who looked like the guard opened  the door for him and inside was very dirty and obviously unwell men with long hair. 
One guy opened the hatch in the wall to a cell with a guy in it and said to the guy with umbrella not to pass things through it to him. the prisoner was wrapped in a blanket and coughing. Umbrella guy seemed shocked by the view of the prisoner. Water started to drip from the ceiling so the guy with umbrella opened it. 
The Prison officer opens a small hatch and orders the FBI agent not the pass anything through to the prisoner. FBI man looks through the meshed opening to see the prisoner, Person 2 on the panel show, sitting down in a blanket while coughing loudly.
The guy that was being led into that room was left on his own.  He then looked through a wall grate and heard some coughing on the other side.  Then he took out his umbrella and opened it.
A man is shown where the person he is looking for is. The man looks through the viewing hatch at the prisoner. The prisoner is in poor condition and is coughing. The man opens an umbrella.
The US police officer (Tom Hanks' character) is visiting Abignale in a French prison in 1969. It is very dark and dank. They take him sit on a stool, to view and speak to Abignale through a metal grate. He sees the prisoner Abignale, wrapped in a blanket, lying on the floor. He is disheveled and appears to be sickly with a severe cough. 
One of the prison commanders showed, presambly a guard an trapdoor in a wall which they could observe prisoner or give something to him. The guard looked trough this trapdoor and saw a prisoner, who was coughing and apperaed to be sick.
The man with the umbrella is taken into a cell that looks like a jail, by a french man. It is pouring and the man with the umbrella looks inside a little opening in a door and sees another man coughing in a corner, the man resembled the man number 2 from the previous segment, the one recorded in a TV studio.
The FBI agent takes a seat and looks through the gated hatch into the prison cell. He seems the impersonator wrapped in a blanket coughing. The FBI agent feels water dripping from the ceiling and opens his umbrella.
The FBI agent is taken to the prisoner and told what he can do. The FBI agent sees that the prisoner is not being kept very well and the cells are leaking rain in so he opens his umbrella
Its raining quite heavy and its dark.  The prison officer continues to show the authority figure or detective to his desired person of interest. He opens the door hatch only dropping down to show his person of interest.  The authority figure kneels down to have a good look inside to see his person of interest laying in the corner in a bad shape, cold and wet with rain leaking in his cell it seems. 
The FBI agent goes to meet the prisoner in jail. He looks at him through a hole in the doorway and sees that the prisoner is wrapped in a blanket and is coughing.
the fbi agent is looking though a cell window at a prisoner
So this guy is in a very desolute jail cell in a foreign country. The FBI guy came to see him and found him to be quite sickly. The FBI guy realizes that the conditions of this cell are quite poor.
An FBI agent goes to see a prisoner and he is led to where the prisoner isnThe prisoner is not in good shape, he is coughing and looking cold 
The guard finished by saying not to pass anything through the hole.  Tom Hanks' character looked into the hole and saw through a grate a man with long, disheveled hair wrapped in a blanket and with a persistent cough.  He wrapped himself tighter in the blanket and sat down.  Tom Hanks' character looked up and noticed a drip coming from the ceiling, so he opened his umbrella to block it.
The man who runs the prison opens a hatch leading to a cell and tells the investigator not to put anything through it and walks away. The investigator looks in the cell and the prisoner inside is covered in a blanket, sitting in the corner, and has a really bad sounding cough. The investigator may have felt water coming through the ceiling, so he opened his umbrella despite being inside.
The guard finishes giving Hanratty his instructions, specifically that he is not to pass anything through to the prisoner, Frank Abagnale. The guard then leaves them alone. Hanratty stares through the hole, into the dark damp cell, from which comes a deep, raspy cough, and he exclaims, Ah, Jesus! In the darkness of the cell, we can just make out a huddled figure, swallowed up in a natty blanket. Water drips from overhead onto Carl, and even though he is indoors, he opens his umbrella.
The prison officer tells the FBI guy Hanratty to put anything into the hole. Hanratty looks into the cell through a metal mesh and the prisoner is coughing with a sheet around him. Even Hanratty has to put up his umbrella as there are drips of water above him from the ceiling.
the main character is in a wet prison cell, a man is outside the cell
The FBI agent arrives to see the impersonator. He goes into a room with a hatch that is opened for him by one of the workers and he looks through it. The conditions are terrible and the impersonator looks unwell and is coughing. There is a leak in the room and the FBI puts up an umbrella to stop himself getting wet 
As the detective looking guy who was outside asking to speak to abignail was led towards his cell, the guard was telling him not to touch him or put things through the window that he opened in the cell, so that they can communicate. The guy in the hat heard him coughing and could tell the conditions that he was being kept were not great, i think he said oh jesus when he set eyes on him as he watched him cough at the back of the damp cell. 
