The man will be taken back to America by the agent.
Frank will be returned to the cell they were holding him in and he will be denied medical attention. The FBI agent will continue reading the extradition agreement to Frank.
Frank gets taken back the infirmary.
leo says, "you got me, you win." and it cuts to a scene of them handcuffed together on a plane
men will put him on a cell again
The officers are going to grab Frank and put him back in his cell
The detective will continue to insist that Frank gets a doctor despite his escape attempt
I think that Frank will go peacefully for now.
The guards will be distracted and the guy excapes
The prisoner will be roughly restrained and given to the agent to bring back to the US.
they will drag him back to the other room.
The prisoner will give up and be taken back to his cell.
he gives up and they take him back.
He'll be transported back to the US
Frank is caught and now he will go back to the medical room or be transported back home.
I feel like the prisoner will end up going back to America.
He will be placed back into custody, his escape attempt failed.
The guards will beat Frank.
Frank will pass out.
They willl bring him back to his cell
They put him back into a prison cell.
DiCaprio will escape out of the prison without being apprehended
The prisoner will be taken back to the hospital and handcuffed to the bed.
He's probably going to be caught. I'm not sure how he'll actually get through security.
They throw Frank back in a cell, Carl calls him an idiot.
Although Frank gets captured again after his escape, I think that Karl will still be able to get Frank home in the morning.
The prisoner will be put back in a cell and beaten.
frank will be escorted back to his cell
he will still escape
I think that the FBI agent takes him home without the doctor's help.
He will be too weak to escape
The prisoner manages to trick the cops again and tries to flee, but he's too ill to escape.
The prisoner will be out back in jail.
Guards will yell at frank and rag him back.
