The will be on a manhunt for him
They will get wet.
It looked like a flash back scene. So perhaps it'll continue with the flash back scene and then move on to contestant 3.
Leo will tell the story of how he evaded the authorities.
The man in the glasses will walk away from the others.
I think the camera will go to number three.
The movie will cut back to the game.
The contestants will continue to ask questions to the three similar men.
It's going to finish up this weird rainy scene then back to the question game where they'll ask the third person a question.
Video will cut back to game show.
They will discuss about the matter
We will find out who Carl is and learn about him.
The contestants will continue to answer questions.
more will be shown about detective handready going after abegnail.
There will be more shots of Carl Hanratty in France.
they'll show more clips of shenanigans
They talk in the rain a few more seconds and then disperse
The men will continue to converse for a bit. The rain will stop.
The third impersonator will be asked a question.
A series of shots illustrating the different encounters the crook experienced during his fraudulent life
The detective/cop being referred to will walk in on them mocking his name and assert his authority.
Abergnale will go on to explain the role of Hanretty in his life and we will watch a flash back of how his life of crime began.
They will ask contestant 3 a question.
It will go back to the game show and she will ask the third guy a question.
I think they judges will have to pick who the people who are lying are
Officers are discussing how Carl Handready caught Frank. They can't believe it because Carl is a slow-witted person.
Tom Hanks' character will be introduced further and start his investigation.
Hanratty is giving a press conference. The FBI employs Frank to find other con-men
The second contestant will continue talking of carl before the scene changes to a flashback showing the start of the story overall
Number two will appear in the raining video and then it will go back to the panel for more questions.
