Frank Sr. starts dancing with his wife
The young boy will get grossed out by the story and leave the room.
the man will continue to talk to the dancing couple.
Dad continues to tell story and then dances with wife.
The father will tell a story about how he met Frank's mother by dancing with her.
The father will talk about how he was too scared to talk to Frank's mother at first.
I think Frank Sr. will continue telling the story about meeting the blonde angel and will then begin dancing with his wife while Frank Jr. watches
Frank Sr. continues to tell the tale of how he met this beautiful woman who has become the mother of Frank Jr.
Frank talks about meeting and marrying his wife.
He is going to talk about how he met his wife in france.
The family will start fighting.
Frank Sr. will continue telling war stories.
Frank continues on with the story of how he dated and married his wife.
I think the father will tell the story of how he met the mother.
He finishes his story.
Dancing across the stage and she looked right at me
The father will continue to tell the story of how he met his wife and they will begin to dance.
Frank Sr. will continue telling his son (Frank jr.) the story of how he and his mother met.
Frank's dad will continue to talk while Frank and his mother dances.
I think the man will say his wife hypnotized the crowd with her beauty and the scene will change to the son looking for a way to make money.
i think he will dance with the girl
i think the girl dancing will fall
He will share how he met his wife
Flash forward to a broken relationship or something that sets JR off.
Mom was blonde? Yes sweetheart I used to be a blonde in my younger years.
they will dance
The son and the mother will continue to dance and father will continue to talk to them talking about important facts about his past.
The story goes on then the parents dance?
Frank Sr. is going to continue to tell the story of how he met his wife and Frank Jr. will listen to this.
Frank snr dances
They will go on talking and dancing.
The son Frank will continue dancing and will hear his father saying something that will motivate him.
