The man will give a speech.
The real Frank William (don't know his last name) will make a speech about his past work and contributions to the organization. The fake Frank William will likely be inspired by something that the original says.
Frank gives an inspiring speech.
christopher walkin accepts the award, tells a story about mice in a bucket of cream
frank will make a inappropiate speech
there will be an attack
Frank is going to get up and begin to give a speech that will give backstory to the plot.
Frank is somehow going to make a fool of himself and run away.
I think Frank will give a speech accepting an award.
the guy will make a speech and toast
The man will be the prisoner's father and will give an inspiration speech about honesty and integrity.
he'll walk up to the podium and give a speech.
Frank goes up to the microphone.
he is walking up to the podium
I guess the flashback will continue with some speech or where hes pretending to be a pilot
Frank will go up and make a speech of some kind.
I feel like the fbi agent will give a speech.
The impostor will get his inspiration to become a fraud and identity thief.
Frank will give a speech.
he will get up on stage and make a thank you speech
He accepts the award.
DiCaprio's father (?) will make a speech
The man "Frank" will make an acceptance speech.
Hi dad is going to go up and give a speech. This movie is all over the place.
Frank takes the stage to applause. Starts to make a speech.
The real Frank will take the podium and talk about his life. This is where the earlier Frank gets an idea to steal Franks identity.
Frank will go up on stage and make a speech.
a speech from frank william ,is interupted by leo dicaprio
he will make a speech and is the dad of the man trying to escape prison
I think that the main character spills the win on him and makes a whole scene about it.
the man will accept the award
The man gives a speech about how his work.
The prisoner will be set free.
abingail goes up onto the stage to give a speech.
