Frank Sr drags Frank Jr to work with him.
He is going to tell his son that he has an important job for him to do.
Frank's father will involve him in a con job
The father and son will be going to some fancy event that requires a suit.
Frank will eat breakfast.
he has to move right away for some reason
The dad and son go somewhere together
He feeds his son the food in his hand and the son jumps up out of bed.
Walking will put food in Franks mouth.
Frank senior will feed toast to frank junior
I think Frank's father will take him to a tux rental store.
The dad wants to take him someplace.
They will show the boy going on the game show next.
They go to a funeral of someone they don't know.
I think Frankie's dad is going to take him to work with him for the day.
The father will pull his sleepy son out of bed and show him something unusual.
He will try and get him out of bed.
They will get up out of bed.
Frank will then put on a black suit.
They will drive off to some place.
They will then get into some sort of trouble.
Frank and his father go out to the city to con people together.
They are going to go to a funeral
They are going to go somewhere very important
Frank will go to school.
I think the son will answer the question his father asked.
Frank reads Flash comics.
His dad is going to take him on some sort of task with him instead of going to school
The dad is going to introduce the son to the family business.
His dad is going to take him somewhere fancy.
Frank apologize to his father for waking up late
Franks father continues to rush Frank Junior to get up but doesn't tell him the full truth of what is actually happening.
The father will want to take his son somewhere, maybe a business meeting, or to show him something.
I think that Frank will tell Frank that a relative has died and then the scene will cut to the family member's standing outside during a funeral.
Frank senior gets Frank junior out of bed and puts him into a black suit. They go to a store in the town to get some jewels but they don't pay for them.
