The Franks con Darcy out of a suit for free.
She will thank him for finding the necklace and she will give them a suit free of charge.
The shop lady will let them in and let them have a new suit to borrow
When the woman comes over to grab the necklace the man will probably grab her and tell her to open up the gate/doors.
The man will give her the necklace as a bribe for her to open up the store early for them
Frank will learn how to manipulate people.
she lets him in and they get suite
the woman opens the door and lets the men in
The lady opens the door and lets them inside to get a suit.
She will open the store in order to get the necklace.
Frank senior is bribing the shop owner & darcy opens the door for him
I think Frank's Father will offer the woman the necklace.
She will open up the store for them.
I think she will loan them a suit.
Darcy lends Frank a suit, and he scams someone at a funeral.
I think Darcy will sympathize with them, open the door and allow them to borrow a suit.
Using his charms, he will get his son fit in a suit for a big event.
The woman Dorcy will go walking towards him.
He will romance Dorcy into opening the doors.
she will open up the doors and allow then to go in.
They will pick a suit and Dorcy will let them rent the suit.
Darcy takes the necklace and lets them come inside.
The woman is going to call the police
The woman will loan the suit
I believe Frank and his father will scam a suit from Darcy.
I think the lady will open the gate for the men.
Darcy gets necklace.
He's going to charm/con his way into the store to get a free suit
The dad manipulates the business owner and the son learns from this.
The lady is going to let them inside the store.
Frank father will try to get his way into getting a suit for frank using the necklace
She lets them into the store so Frank junior can get a suit.
The store owner reacts angrily at Frank senior over her necklace.
The woman will take the necklace and let the men enter the shop.
The woman will accuse the older man of stealing the necklace or she's going to be suspicious of how he got it, and she won't let them inside.
I think that we will see Frank Jnr. looking confused but impressed by his father's skills of persuasion when he finds out that he has not been telling the truth.
The store assistant says it is here and she accepts it and lets them in to get Frank junior a suit.
