The guy Frank who was coughing is going to tell the other guy how he can help him
He will feel sorry for the prisoner and try to help him.
the detective will continue to ask questions as the person continues to cough.
tom will talk to dicaprio more
The FBI agent will offer Frank a way to get out of the prison in exchange for something.
The FBI agent will tell Frank that there is no way to get him out.
I think Tom Hanks' character will tell Frank that he is there to help him and Frank will answer his questions
The attorney will express that he is here to act on behalf of him but the prisoner must listen to the terms to understand what is about to happen. If he wants help, he must remain calm and attentive.
Frank asks the FBI guy to help him and surrenders.
Frank is going to agree to the terms
Frank will beg for help and the other guy will keep reading what he's reading and then ask one of the jailers if he really needs to be treated that way.
The prisoner will vomit.
I think Mr. Handready will explain to Frank what will happen next and then they will show him taking Frank on a plane.
I think that the detective will get the man some medical help so that he can answer questions.
It's possible that the prisoner plays on the detective's emotions and then makes a run for it.
I think the prisoner is faking
Frank we are going to bring you back to the United States to stand trial for your crimes
I believe the FBI agent will continue to question the suspect and procure his release
The man will continue to attempt conversation with Frank Abignal.
The man will start to think Abignal is actually really sick. (though I believe he is not).
The detective will get help for Frank.
The detective will check on Frank and ask him questions.
I think the coughing man will continue to ask for help out of the prison and the U.S. representative will not give him much hope for freedom.
the prisoner will tell a story
frank will help the prisoner against orders
He will explain how the extradition will take place
Frank convinces the policeman he is sick and to help him.
Frank states he needs help to get out of here or he will die.
he will speak with him
The man who is interrogating the prisoner will probably ask him about something really important.
The prisoner is ill and asks for help
The lady that appears to be locked up in a high security prison is asking asks for help at the end, so I think she will tell part of her story to Tom Hanks.
Frank will ask him to get him out of the french jail
The persons cough and cold will get worse. The rain will worsen. He will become more ill.
The detective will try and find out information from the prisoner Frank so that he can get him transferred.
