Frank surrenders and tells them what they want to hear
He will get taken back to the medical area and this time he will be handcuffed/secured there somehow.
the prisoner is put in solitary.
They put Leo back in a cell.
The FBI agent will tell Frank he is disappointed in him.
The FBI agent will offer Frank help in exchange for something.
I think Tom Hanks' character will tell Frank that he made a mistake and then Frank will be put back into his jail cell
The agent speaks to Frank telling him that he understands that he is just trying to delay the process. Frank pretends to be sick to the point of fainting and the guards drag him away to a cell.
Tom Hanks takes Leonard di Caprio into custody
He will be reincarcerated and flown to America
Tom Hanks will say something like "That's what I thought."
Frank will be taken back to the prison cell.
Now Mr. Handready will gather up Frank and take him out of the prison.
I think that the detective and the other police will bring him back to his cell and bring a doctor to him.
The prisoner does not escape after all.
Frank is caught again before he has a chance to get away and then he is brought back to the United States
The suspect will give up and the FBI agent will take him into custody.
The man will aks Abignal why he tried to escape knowing he couldn't make it.
Abignal will be taken back to a med room and handcuffed to the bed.
The detective is going to talk to Frank briefly.
Frank will be taken back to his cell.
I think the man standing over the sick man, will tell him, he has really made a mistake trying to escape and it will be harder for him to leave the country. The man lying on the floor will be placed in solitary confinement.
i think the prisoner will be sent back into his cell
i think the man will help the prisoner get medical attention
He will get Frank medical care
He arrests them and they go home
Oh Frank you are not better than me, the agent states.
they will take him back
The people who are running this place will probably get the prisoner again to his room.
He is locked back up in his cell
I believe Tom Hanks will stop the foreign police from shooting Frank and talk to him about help.
Frank will say sorry but not mean it
Someone will shoot him.
He will escape.
The detective will confront the prisoner regarding why he tried to run away. He will then be sent back to his cell.
