The second guy is going to say who finally caught him which would be the police
He will claim that he never has been caught.
Dicaprio will answer the question.
he is going to tell a lie
The man will say that the police caught him and there will be more questions after that.
The man will say that he turned himself in and there will be more questions after that.
I think contestant 2 will answer the question about who finally caught him
The contestant will answer that no one actually caught him, he turned himself in.
Number two tells her that an FBI agent caught him.
the character is going to talk about who caught him
He will say who caught him and it will show a picture of the person.
#2 will tell a story about his capture.
Contestant #2 will explain who it was that finally caught him.
I think the man in the middle is going to explain how he got caught.
I think he will reveal who caught him.
He will say it was the airlines that caught him
I believe that impersonator #2 will answer the question in a way that will allow the contestants to see he is the true person
The three men will continue to try and convince the audience they are Abignal by answering the question asked.
Another question will be asked and the three men will start to answer it.
#2 will answer the question with the name of the detective that caught the real Frank.
I think the man will answer the question by saying he was never caught by authorities, he was able to get away with what he was described as doing.
i think the man in the middle will answer bad
i think the contestants will figure out it isn't the middle man
The person will describe who caught him
Have a few questions that shows who the real frank is.
He will answer with the truth.
a detective that caught him
This man will probably start bluffing about his past.
the other 2 men will answer questions about their con
I believe the female contestant is going to catch one of them out with her questioning.
Number 2 will say the police
Person number two will answer the question . I don't know what he will say but I think he will suggest that he was caught by one of his employers.
The person will answer by saying that he was caught by the police.
