The man will describe his life growing up and what led him to be a con man.
The first contestant will continue with his story about why he chose to be a conman instead of pursuing a legitimate profession
The character will start to remember stuff in his inner voice.
the guy will tell a story of needing money growing up poor, maybe his mother needs an operation
he will tell a story of how she become who he is today
The person will continue to answer the lady's questions, and then it will move on to the second person.
I think the speaking character will say he was greedy.
The contestants will start playing
The three men will answer the question in a really dry and pragmatic way.
I think he'll finish answering the question and they'll ask another contestant another question.
Suspect #1 answers that when he was a young man he didn't have any money and he wanted to travel.
he will explain his job
The contestants will keep asking questions of the men trying to determine which is which
The man will explain his time as a young man and his reasons for taking the job that he did.
I feel like the guy will finish up his answer and the girl will then move on to the next person and ask them a question.
I think the true Frank will be revealed.
The man will continue his answer.
He will continue talking and it will go to the next person
The questioning will continue, and a question will be asked of contestant #2 (Leonardo DiCaprio), who is the actual person.
The man will finish answering the question and the same question will be asked to the others
The man being questioned will finish his answer and the woman will ask the next man a question.
The person speaking will continue to answer the question .
The person is going to describe how as a young man he needed money fast and discovered it was easy for him to get people to believe he was something he was not.
The lady will ask more questions to the other contestants as well.
The first contestant will continue answering the question.
each frank will answer a question in hope of not being proven to be the fake frank
i think they are on trial for crimes
I think that they will find out who is lying
He is going to answer the questions
The three imposters will give different answers.
All 3 contestants will be asked different questions.
the guy tells story to convince he's telling the truth.
