I think that they will show the game-show being played.
Clearly i was wrong about my previous prediction, and based on the new clip i was just shown, this appears to be a game show and i assume participants of the game show will now begin activities that likely include a time-restricted rivalry
The featured character will be introduced on the game show.
Someone will give the right answer to the game.
I think the host will introduce the contestants.
I think the host will explain how to play the show.
The host is going to ask one of the contestants something and they have to tell the truth.
The host will tell the audience about what the show is about and begin introducing other members onto the stage.
The game show host will introduce the contestants.
The host of the show will introduce the other people that are on the show to the audience.
Someone will start watching the game show that is showing on tv.
The host will announce the guests.
The main character will be a contestant on the game show.
The game show host will announce the players as the camera pans out
The host will introduce the contestants
I think the host will introduce the first guest.
People will be playing a game to see if they can tell the truth or not.
The game will start
they will introduce the players
The game show hose will introduce the game and the players
I think the game show host will start introducing the contestants on the show.
The host will introduce the contestants.
A guest will tell a story on a gameshow
It's going to involve telling true or false statements.
Well, those previous predictions were way off. I think for this section the game show to tell the truth will continue playing and the host will start the show and the contestants will talk about themselves and have a normal show opening.
We will see the Tell the Truth gameshow which will pull back to a child watching it on tv.
the tv presentor will ask a question
The game show will start with a host announcing instructions about a chase-related game
I think the video will show a talk-show game between two groups of people with a chase element
The announcer/host will explain the details of the game show.
The announcer/host will introduce the contestants.
Gameshow host will explain how the gameshow works + start introducing contestants
The main character will appear on a game show.
