The man will continue to give a speech, until he has a heart attack.
I guess the speaker will continue with his story about two mice having fallen into a bucket of cream.
Frank Sr. tells the inspiring story.
walken finishes his story, he regrets being forced into retirement and tells his son that.
there will be an attack
Someone is going to shoot the guy at the pulpit.
The man is going to continue to give a speech and give props to Frank
Frank's dad is going to say something makes Frank mad
I think Frank will talk about the rotary club.
his speech gets interrupted
The speech will be a little strange and meandering but will continue and be about honesty, vigilance, and integrity.
he'll finish the story about the mice and liken it to never giving up.
Frank Sr. continues with his story and tells us what the second mouse did.
he keeps talkng about his thankfulness
Maybe some background about the main character starting to scam people
The speaker will explain how the second mouse perhaps persevered and was able to make it out of the bucket of cream alive.
I feel like he will continue on with his speech.
His father is going to say something that will cause a revelation in Frank Jr.
The man will continue his story about mice in a bucket of cream.
He is telling a joke and everyone then laughs
He finishes telling the joke.
Walken's character will finish his joke to rapturous applause
Frank senior will continue telling his story about the 2 mice and everyone will clap. The story will probably be about adversity. The second mouse survived and drank the cream.
He's going to talk about how the second mouse helped him smuggle a pocket watch that belonged to his dad out of the war...oh wait, that's the wrong movie.
Frank is going to continue to tell his little story, making a philosophical point about something.
Frank sr. continues with his speech about mice.
Frank will continue telling his story.
an interuption from authorities at the speach
he will tell a story to motivate his son
I think the person making the speech falls and has a heart attack.
the man will finish his speech
The man describes how the second mouse managed to escape by devouring all the cream.
Contestant 2 will be called on stage.
finishes the statement, everybody laughs
