The real Frank gives a very boring speech about how he got there and all of his thanks to everyone as well as his plans for the future.
I believe he is going to thank the kid who later takes his name (to be an impostor) for helping him with his work.
We will see the continuation of the speech and find out that this man is Frank's father
The person who is talking at the stand will continue to give a speech.
Frank's speech will be used by the conman as insight on how to assume Frank's identity.
he steals his id and becomes him at this point
the guy is going to thank his wife and the camera is going to pan to her
The man will thank his wife and other people during his speech.
Walking will thank his son.
I am guessing that he will take his wife's name to honor her.
I think Frank's dad will give a speech.
The real Frank walks off the stage.
I think they will continue to give a speech.
Frank Jr make some kind of embarrassing situation involving the wine.
The man accepting the award will continue his speech, thanking his wife and or his family for supporting him.
He thanks his loving family and talks about his past.
The man on stage will continue to give a speech about honor and other things.
He will step off stage with the crowd cheering.
Another person will enter on the stage and make a speech.
He will continue to thank his family while giving his award speech
The man will write a note on the bottle label to the speaker
The man will make a paper airplane out of the label
I believe the real Frank will continue speaking.
I think Frank will continue to thank his wife in his speech.
Frank walks to podium.
The main character tries to con his way through the rest of the dinner
The one character will steal the identity of the one receiving the reward.
He is going to continue giving his speech.
Frank is honoured to see his loving wife and kids
You see the real Frank continue giving his speech and being watched closely by the other Frank?
Somebody in the audience will call out the speaker as being a conman.
I think that we will hear the speaker making his speech but the camera will show us Frank being restless at the table before interrupting.
He praises his wife for being there for him and his son for becoming somebody important like a pilot.
