I think they will discover it is just a log.
The animal on the right will shake it's head no
I think the animals will step on the log.
The animal will try to jump on the log
One of the cows will test the waters to see if the object is either a log or a crocodile/alligator
The first guy will shake his head and repeat that it's an alligator/crocodile.
I think the animals will enter the water in the next 30 seconds of this video
A log will float by
An alligator will swim by.
One of the wildebeests will investigate what's in the water.
A crocodile will jump up and eat them.
I think they will drink the water
The water buffaloes, or whatever they were - the animals on land, will continue to argue.
i think the thing in the water is neither a log nor a crocodile, but something unexpected, maybe a wildebeest in a costume or something.
The first cow will reiterate that she thinks the thing is an alligator.
One of the buffalo will enter the water to find out if it was a log or a crocodile.
An alligators head will come up out of the water.
one of the animals will touch the water to see if the thing in the lake moves
The other cow will say no by shaking his head and then they will suggest that a fish will be there.
I think the wildebeest will find out if it's a log or an alligator.
I think the crocodile will eat one of the animals.
the alligator will appear.
alligator breaths and bubbles come to top of water
One of the buffaloes is going to put its foot in the water to see what the object is.
I think the alligator will attack one of the cows.
I think the buffalo will continue to argue about the log.
I think it'll be a crocodile that eats one of the animals on the side.
The animals will keep guessing what's in the water until it pops up and presents itself.
The animals will try to drink and get bitten by the crocodile
The yak will try jumping on top of the object in the water.
The two animals will try to step on the object to see if its a log or gator.
One of the buffalos with try to walk on it
The gator is going to move a bit closer.
A wilder beast is going to start drinking water.
I think the bulls will try to poke the object in the water with their horns to see if it moves
The ox will jump on the animal in the water.
I think the bulls will try to see what the object in the water is.
they will go closer to see its a log
I think the oxen will try to cross the water by stepping on the alligator.
A crocodile will pop out of the water.
i think a huge scaly monster will pop up and eat both of them
I think the first animal will step a foot toward the object (animal) to see if it moves.
I think the thing in the water will jump out.
another cow will moo
I think the alligator will lift its head out of the water.
I think a crocodile will pop up out of the water and be afraid of the cows.
I think an alligator will pop up.
The buffalo drink the water
I think the animals will try to poke the object in the water to see what it is.
an alligator will pop up.
I think the object in the water will jump up and it will be a crocodile.
The ox will poke at the floating object.
one of the oxen will jump on the floating object.
An alligator eats one of the cows.
I think what is in the water is a crocodile and it is most likely going to attack them
The gazelle will tell then other one again that its an alligator and not a log
an alligator with a log on his back is going to attack the wildabeasts.
One of the creatures will suggest getting a drink.
One of the creatures will suggest waiting to see if it moves.
I think an alligator will pop up out of the water.
I think the thing in the water will be a log and it will float away.
I think the thing in the water will be neither an alligator or a log.
One of the cows will try to touch the floating object.
The moose will get in the water and the alligator will jump up.
The animals will wait a bit to see if the item in the water is an alligator or a log. The alligator (or crocodile) will emerge and try to attack the others.
alligator will pop up his head out of the water
The thing in the water will end up being a crocodile.
I think one of the cows will walk on the alligator/log to prove to the other what it really is.
They will drink anyway.
The "log" will reveal itself to be an alligator.
The water buffalo will find out that it is a log not a crocodile.
I think that an alligator will pop out of the water and try to eat one or both of the buffalos.
the creatures will keep disagreeing and it'll end up being an alligator
The wildebeest (or whatever it is), who thinks it is a log, will jump on it.
One of the cows will try to step on the object in the water.
I think the object in the water will turn out to be a crocodile, which will attack one of the wildebeests.
Next the wildebeest will put his step on that object thinking of wood. But, suddenly it turns into a crocodile and eat the Wildebeest
I think the one bull who said it was an alligator will try and touch it
I think they will continue to have a discussion about what it is and what to do
The alligator will pop its head up
The crocodile will eat the cows.
The animal will hop onto the item that they are staring at and it will be neither a log or an alligator, but will be something else altogether.
I think an alligator will raise it's head from the water.
I think one of the sheep will step into the water.
I think it's a crocodile in the water and it's going to jump up and grab one of the bulls and pull it into the water.
I predict the yaks standing on the shore will get attacked by the alligator.
I think that that the bull is going to jump onto the crocodile.
An alligator will eat one of the animals
I think that an alligator will come out and bite one of them.
Croc will jump out of the water
I think one of the characters will inspect what is in the water.
They will stand there and try to figure out what is in the water.
I think they will poke at the thing in the water to find out what it is.
I think an alligator will pop up from the water.
I think the gator jumps out of the water.
The cow will poke at the object in the water.
They buffalo are going to continue thinking about different things that could be in the water.
one of the wilde beast is going to get eaten.
The first elk will get eaten by the alligator
The cow who thinks it is a log is going to step onto it.
I think that they will drink from the water and the alligator will appear.
One of the oxen will get eaten
I think an alligator is going to jump out of the water.
I think something will come out of the water.
I feel like the alligator will wait till one of them get closer and then eat it.
The Bison will continue to debate what it is that they are looking at in the water.
They will poke the log/gator
I think the first buffalo will jump onto the alligator's back.
The two bulls will drink from the water.
the alligator will appear
The animals will try to cross over to the island.
I think that something is going to come out of the water.
I think the crocodile will come out the water
I think another bull will come from behind and push the bull that was thinking about the alligator into the water.
An alligator will stick its head out of the water
The buffalo will cross across the water
i think the animal will fall into the water
I think something will emerge from the water.
I think the alligator will show his face and scare them
The thing in the water pops it head out
I think the crocodile will try to snap at one of the bison or whatever they are on the shore.
I think that the two main animals will continue to argue and that a crocodile will come out of the water.
I think a crocodile will come out of the water.
The animals will enter into the water
An alligator will jump out the water and eat those animals
one of them will poke it
I think it will start moving and it will be a large crocodile
The actual object in the water will be revealed.
The object will be an alligator.
The animals will continue to argue about what's in the water.
An ox will get eaten by a crocodile
I think the thing in the water will emerge. It will be something other than the log or gator as the Ram's imagined.
I think a crocodile will pop its head out of the water.
The object will come up out of the water and reveal itself to be a crocodile
I think cow will jump in water.
Crocodile will try to eat the cow
The crocodile will pop up and scare/startle them
One of the Cows will step in to the river and an alligator pop out of the water.
The animals will try to cross onto the island.
The animals will put a leg in the water.
Alligator scares them.
they poke the alligator.
the alligator bites them
The Ox that thinks it's a log will go into the water.
I think the oxen will argue back and forth a few more times about whether the object they see is a crocodile or a log.
The object will reveal itself to the oxen.
it's a crocodile that will eat the poor sheep.
I think the buffalo in the animation are going to continue arguing with each other about what the object in the water is until one tests out the theory.
The first cow is going to pop up a thought bubble of the alligator drawing again.
I predict that it will be a log that appears from the water.
I think the rock is actually a turtle and it will pop its head up out of the water.
These two buffalos will probably step on this crocodile.
One of the moose will poke the item to see if its a log or crocodile. i think it will be neither.
I think the alligator or crocodile will make a move and scare the buffalo away.
discussion about log or crocodile
the animals will see a crocodile
the animals will be relieved to see its not a crocodile
The animals will still be unsure of what to do next
I think that something is going to jump out of the water
It's a crocodile and it springs up out of the water?
It's not a log or crocodile but something else.
The animal on the right will approach what it believes to be a log and finds out its really a crocodile.
I think the two animals will go back and forth with their imaginations of what is in the water.
A crocodile will pop up and attack.
I think the second bison will take a hesitant step onto what he thinks is a log, only to discover that it is in fact a crocodile
On discovering it is a crocodile, both bison will run away.
I think that something unexpected will emerge from the water.
The object will be a crocodil, which lunges forwards and tries to bite the animals at the edge of the water.
The ox will step in the water and find out if it's a crocodile.
i think that the crocodile will jump out of the water and attack
They will find out that it's a crocodile in the water and get eaten
I think the Wildebeest keep arguing until the alligator attacks them.
I think the thing in the water is a crocodile and it will attack
I feel like the animals in the video are going to attempt to jump across to the patch of land in tbe middle of the water and possibly get eaten by a crocodile
the bulls will go and fetch a log to place in between the piece of land and the land that they're standing on, and then proceed to walk across the log.
I think that the crocodile will eat them
I think that it is a crocodile in the water and it will raise it's head
The animal that thought it was a log will try to step on it. The other one will watch.
They will turn around and go another way.
The crocodile will jump out at the wildebeest.
They will enter the water and find out if it is a crocodile or a log
One of the animals will nudge the crocodile / log with his face and it will be bitten
I think they will try to cross the river.
I think the item in the water will raise its head to reveal itself to be a crocodile
The alligator will pop out of the water
I think the alligator will eat one of the cows.
a crocodile will leap out of the water and try to attack them
The cow will touch the log/crocodile to see whether it is a crocodile
I think an alligator with emerge out of the water and scare the cows.
The object in the water will be revealed to be a log or a crocodile.
A crocodile will show his head out of the water and the other 2 animals will attempt to run away.
I think that the item in the river is a crocodile and will jump at the dear.
I think that a crocodile will come out of the water.
The alligator will come out of the water. I think it is an alligator not a log.
a crocodile on a log will pop up out of the water.
THE ALLIGATOR/CROCCODILE WILL EAT ONE OF THEM
They give the item a push with their nose and it does turn out to be a log.
A Crocodile is going to jump out of the water.
The two animals will continue guessing what the object on the ground is
I think an aligator will jump up
A crocodile will come out of the water and grab one of the cows.
