The agent will continue with the cold segue to try to make a connection with the man in the cell.
The man will continue talking to the prisioner.
The man will get interrupted by the guard.
I predict the detective will began to ask questions
I predict Leonardo Dicaprio to get taken out in handcuffs
I think the FBI agent will have a chat with Frank and be told his story.
The man is going to give the prisoner some cold medicine.
The man is going to give the prisoner a tissue.
The man is going to take out a notepad.
He tells him he can get him out but he has to do exactly what he tells him to do
He will ask frank questions about things he has done
The FBI agent will talk to Frank
The game show will return
The visitor will ask the prisoner a series of questions, possibly of an interrogating nature.
The FBI agent will continue to make small talk with the prisoner until he decides its time to get to the real point of his visit.
They will talk about something.
Tom hanks character tells the guards to get him some medical care.
Tom hanks character offers him a tissue and gets yelled at by the guard.
I think the man will slip something through the door to the prisoner.
Tom Hanks is going to hand something to him through the hole.
The FBI agent will try to get information from the criminal to try to help him go back to America for punishment.
I think the FBI man will question the suspect
He'll sit there and talk to him about trying to get him sent to America
The police officer will try to hand the prisoner some medicine.
The FBI agent feels sympathy for a sick Frank Abignail and tries to hand him a tissue but is stopped by the prison guards.
Carl will hand frank a tissue.
he is gonna ask if there giving him medicine for the cold and how he feels.
The person in the cell continues coughing while the man outside starts talking to him.
The FBI agent is going to try and give Frank something for his cold or going to take a tissue out and blow his nose.
Tom Hanks talks to Leo about treating his cold then says who is and how he has caught up with him.
i think that karl and the man in the cell will chat
i think that karl will hand him something through the cell bars
I think the FBI agent tells Abignail that he's been tracking him.
the FBI agent will talk to the cell occupant who i think is Frank William Abignail and ask him a few questions.
I think that the FBI agent will try to build a rapport with Frank and Frank will recognise the FBI agent as the one who has been chasing him.
I think the FBI agent will feel sorry for Frank and save him from the prison
THE FBI WILL TRY TO INTERROGATE THE CON MAN, BY TRYING TO MAKE NICE, PRETEND TO BE FRIENDLY
He will pass him something in the hole.
