Christopher Walken will stand up and approach the stage.
Frank will come on the poduim and give a speech.
Frank will not actually be there having found some way to sneak out.
We will return to the game show and more questions about frank's history will be asked and connected with these scenes.
I predict The man sitting at the table to go on the stage, accept his award and get emotional
I think Frank will give a speech.
The ceremony host is going to ask Frank the impostor to come up to the stage for an award.
Frank will make a speech about what happens to people that cross him
He will receive an award
A man will come into the room claiming to be Frank
Frank will walk to the podium and give a convincing acceptance speech. The audience will applaud.
The character that was called to stand will do so while the crowd around him gives him applause. Then I believe that same character will give a speech.
This man named Frank will start his speech.
Leo's character is given some sort of award and goes to the stage.
I think the man will continue to make a speech.
Frank Senior will do his speech about the mouse that fell in a bucket.
Frank will embarrass himself and people he cares for in the room by acting like a jerk.
I think that Frank will stand and get an award for something he supposedly did.
His father will stand up and accept a reward
Frank will receive the reward and give an interesting speech.
Frank Abignail senior goes to the podium to accept his award and make a speech while his son continues to distract himself at the table
Frank's father will give a speech.
He is gonna thank everyone for the honor
Frank stands to get accept his award and goes to the stage to thank everyone.
Franks Snr will go up onto the stage and make a speech, he'll get distracted by something disappointing Frank Jnr does.
He stands up to go on to the stage and address the audience.
i think frank will get up and make a speech
The real Frank approaches the podium and thanks the speaker and his wife.
Frank will receive some sort of award and he will give a short speech in front of the audience.
I think that Frank's father is going to accept a rotary award and make a speech.
I think that Frank is going to use the wine label to attach to something else non-alcoholic and pretend it's wine.
THE CON MAN'S FATHER STANDS UP AND ACCEPTS A COMENDATION
The con man will get up and take the award and give a speech.
