The agent will be escorted into a meeting room of some sort where he will sit down with the impersonator guy.
The Flashback will continue and we will see the prisioner.
We will return to the game show and hear some more questions being asked by the contestants.
I predict that Leonardo Dicaprio will be in the cell
The FBI agent will interview Frank.
The man is going to visit someone in prison for an interview.
They lock him up because they cant understand his name
He will go talk to frank abignal
The FBI agent will be taken to Frank, then the game show will return.
The guards will lead the man to the prisoner with whom he wishes to speak.
The prison guard will lead the FBI agent to the cell of the prisoner that he wishes to communicate with.
He will meet the prisoner.
The investigator is led into a room with the fake pilot guy where he asks him some formal questionings.
The investigator gets to the jail cell to see the fake pilot guy has escaped.
I think the man will visit the prisoner in jail.
Tom Hanks will meet Leonardo in his cell.
In the next 30 seconds, the FBI agent will be escorted to the criminal's cell.
I think the FBI man will meet the guilty con man in the prison cell.
Handraddy will go in and ask Abignail a lot of questions
The police officer will interview the suspected con man in the French prison.
The FBI agent gets to meet Frank Abignail in a French prison.
Carl will meet Frank.
there gonna talk to the prisoner that is the impersonator
The man will go into the cell and make eye contact with the fake pilot, and begin to question him.
The FBI agent is going to talk to Frank in prison. Could possibly not be the actual Frank and he's still on the run.
Tom Hanks visits Leo in jail.
i think that Karl will question the suspect
I think the FBI agent is taken into to Abignail's cell and introduces himself.
I think that FBI agent will meet the real Frank William Abignail in his cell in France.
I think that the FBI agent is going to get into the prison to see Frank and they are going to have a conversation about Frank's crimes.
THE FBI WILL TALK TO AND ARREST THE CON MAN
He will go to see the con man in jail.
