Frank Jr. watches his parents dance and then cleans up the wine stain
The boy will try to clean up the split wine.
dancing will continue.
They stop dancing and clean up wine spill.
Frank will ask his parents to stop dancing so he can clean up.
The parents will ignore the stain and keep dancing.
I think Frank Sr. will dip his wife while dancing and then tie that into a lesson for Frank Jr. about how to meet and keep a quality woman happy
Frank Sr. suddenly stabs the woman in the side prompting Frank Jr. to attack him as the lady lies bleeding on the floor.
Frank Jr. breaks up their dance and cleans the carpet.
frank is thinking about the future and the next step to take
The movie will flip back to modern time
Frank Sr. will have a heart attack.
We see young Frank move forward and he is the one who becomes the lier and the thief.
They will notice that they stomped the wine into the carpet, but laugh about it and kiss.
We don't see him cleaning the rug.
They continue to dance while Frank Jr watches and hopes he has that some day too.
I believe the wife will collapse and fall ill.
After the dance is over Frank jr will attempt to get the stain out of the rug.
Frank's dad and his wife will continue dancing while Frank watches.
I think the two people dancing will fall onto the couch and laugh and the son will clean up the spilled drink on the floor. As he's cleaning, he will long for a women in his life.
they will ignore the stain and keep dancing
They will continue to dance
Still thinking problems in the marriage.
He dips her and they both laugh together. Remembering this very moment.
they will kiss
The man will continue to dance with his wife and their son will probably go to another room because he isn't needed in there.
The parents dance the wine stain keeps getting worse
From the story it appears that they will not be cleaning up the red wine that was spilt but Frank Jr. will watch his father Frank Sr. dance with his wife/mother and hope to one day be like his father.
Drank snr dies somehow
The boy will come back with the towel and try to clean the stain on the carpet.
The couple will continue to dance and the boy will drink the milk.
