Abigail will start coughing blood
The detective will emphasize with him.
The conversation between the man and the prisoner will continue.
Leo will continue to try and convince Tom Hanks that he needs help.
Frank will ask the man to help him get medical attention.
I think the prisoner will come closer to the man.
The man will keep coughing.
The prisoner will convince the detective to open the cell, or allow him to escape in some way.
carl will continue to talk to frank and he'll quit faking like he's sick.
Tom Hanks asks how Leonardo passed the Bar exam.
He will ask something about his past life experiences
Carl will continue to ignore Leonardo Dicaprio's character's apparent sickness.
The prisoner will talk to the FBI agent.
handready will talk more about the crimes that abegnail committed.
He's going to take Frank out of the cell.
the man will con his way out of prison
The agent and abergnale talk
The two men will continue to talk before the guard comes up and closes the window.
The agent will make a smart remark.
The man allows the captured person to be set free.
He will continue to read through the script he his holding and the prisoner will beg for help, eventually getting what he wants
Tom Hanks will continue to read out details of the extradition document.
Abergnale will continue coughing and looking terribly ill.
Tom Hanks will start to look worried about the condition of Abergnale and try to persuade him to accept the extradition.
The prisoner will be released to the FBI and flown back to the United States.
He will keep reading the charges and ignore the pleas for help.
The man in the glasses is going to carry on reading to the person in the cell and pass them something without the gaurd seeing
The FBI guy says there are 16 pages but he is not going to read them. He tells Frank that he will be extradited to the US that afternoon. (Frank looks like Leonardo DiCaprio!)
Hanratty will try and get Abagnale out of the prison cell.
He is going to tell him all the charges against him
the agent will try to continue reading the legal document, but the prisoner will collapse halfway through, the agent will call the guard for help
The guy on the chair is going to get really worried about the man in the cells health.
The man in the Cell is going to fall to the floor.
