Frank jumps up out of his chair and makes a scene during the speech.
I think this is a flashback and they are awarding this impersonator an award.
We will see Frank's beginnings and past cons
The main character will be called up to give a speech or to accept an award.
Frank's history will be shown to give a context of his past and abilities.
it tells his story from the start
I am really not sure what happens next I guess the camera goes back to the guy they carried out originally
He will be called to the stage to receive an award.
A graphic will show up to indicate a flashback.
I guess Hank will write something on a papaer.
I think Frank's dad will give a speech.
Looks as though Frank is getting an award!
I think they will show the interrogator/detective get inducted as a lifetime member of whatever this club/program is.
Frank is inducted, gets up to give his speech.
The man who was a prisoner in the previous scene is going to receive a reward or recognition of some type.
I think they will show the main character's father getting some kind of award and people applauding him.
The man on stage will continue to give a great speech about the honor of the men.
Frank's dad will win an award and give a speech thanking his family
The prisoner will escape during the speech.
The man will die from his illness.
Frank will give a speech.
I think the character will continue speaking.
Frank speaks at meeting.
The movie starts flashing back and he accepts an award on stage
The guy will be presented with a certificate.
He is gonna think about what he has done.
The man will invite him to stage
It shows Frank in a flashback even earlier where his story began at school?
The former prisoner will be introduced to the stage to talk about something that happened to him and/or to receive a medal for his accomplishments.
The shot will move through the audience of the rotary club meeting, followed by cutting to the face of the man who is being honoured at the event. He will start to make a speech.
An award is presented to Hanratty for capturing the criminal and bringing him back home to the USA
