He will sit down and talk to Abigal through the hole
The detective will get frightened.
I suppose the man will be having a conversation with the prisoner.
Tom Hanks will have a conversation with the prisoner.
The man in the hat will begin talking to the prisoner.
I think the man in the hat will begin to talk to the prisoner.
The men will talk.
The detective will begin to interrogate the man in the jail cell.
Tom Hanks is going to continue to check out the bathroom, then maybe get shown some other areas where frank hung out.
Tom Hanks passes something through the hole.
Then the actor will ask some questions
Carl will begin speaking with Leonardo Dicaprio's character in jail.
The FBI agent will talk to the prisoner.
abegnail and handready will have a conversation about a past memory.
Carl is going to talk to Frank inside the prison cell. And then it will flashback to when Frank was young.
the man will escape from the prison.
The agent talks to someone in the dark building
The guards will bring the prisoner out.
The FBI agent will exit the room to gather papers, while the other man watches the suspect.
Interrogation will start of the captured man but it might be that there's not enough evidence to hold him there.
THe prisoner will try to convince him to pass him something but he will refuse
Tom Hanks will sit on the stool and wait for the window to open into the cell of Abergnale.
The window will open and the two main characters will finally see each other face to face. Abergnale will smile at Hanretty.
The two men will talk to each other between the closed door.
He will talk to the prisoner and will hand him something through the slot.
In the video the man is going to talk to someone in a cell
The man says ' the prisoner will be able to hear and speak to you. You will not be able to see him. '
Hanratty will begin talking to Abagnale.
As per my previous answer, he offers him a job.
the FBI inspector will talk to the second contestant through the door, the man will look dishevelled and rough after being in prison
The man on the chair will speak to contestant number 2 is his cell though the door.
