A man is opening a box of milk then looks inside carton then takes a drink, he looks around as a young woman walks down the sidewalk opposite him, he slumps back onto a parked car takes another drink then a man in a white vest walks up and waves his arms. The guy gets spooked and walks away almost tripping as he goes.
The man drank his milk while ogling a cute girl across the street.  He got chased off by an angry guy who didn't like that he was leaning against his car, and kept watching the girl as he ran off with his milk.
A man open and drinks a carton of milk whilst leaning to a nice car to impress a woman but the actual owner turns up and he hastily moves away and almost trips over and the woman sees him.
the guy is drinking the milk and leaning on a car and the owner comes to the car and gives him a dirty look and he moves away from the car and starts walking on the sidewalk and almost trips but catches himself and he looks over and a girl across the street saw him.
its all about a milk advert
The main character opened a carton of milk and looked inside and then drank it while looking side to side. He spotted a woman and began to try to get her attention when a man came out and chased the main character away as he was leaning on his car. Then the main character tripped but didn't fall while trying to keep pace with the girl from the other side of the road.
A guy starts drinking some milk and notices a girl walking on the other side of the street. He leans against a car to look cool but it chased off by the owner. He starts to follow the girl, tripping up as he watches her and continuing to drink from the carton.
A man stands next to a car, leaning upon it while opening a carton of milk. The man looks inside to make sure the milk is good. He then proceeds to drink the milk while watching a woman walking across the street. The owner of the car comes out and shoos away the man drinking the milk. He stumbles walking up the curb still drinking his milk and then proceeds to watch the woman walking across the road.
The man opened the milk carton and looked inside, then started drinking it. He saw a woman across the street and looked at her. He was leaning on a car drinking the milk when a second man came up to the car as it was his car and remonstrated with him for leaning on it. The first man walked away and tripped on the curb and nearly fell over.
A man opens a small carton of milk while standing next to a car. He looks like he is anticipating his enjoyment of the milk. He begins to consume the milk from the carton. A woman walks by. His attention is focused on her. Suddenly a man appears and wants to get in the car that the guy with the milk is standing next to. So the guy with the milk staggers off as he tries to keep his eye on the woman.
The main character is a guy who opens the carton of milk and leans against a car which is parked in a residential area. He then spots a girls walking on the sidewalk across the road and gets distracted looking at her. Then the owner of the car on which he was leaning arrives, the owner is a scary looking dude and gestures for the guy to get away from his car. The guy then proceeds to stumble towards the sidewalk. 
The main character opens a carton of milk, while lounging against a car. After checking the milk is OK, he starts drinking it when he sees a girl walking on the opposite pavement. The actual owner of the car then appears and chases the young man away. He trips a little on a pavement while continuing to watch the girl.
The man i drinking from a carton of milk and sees a woman walk past and as he turns he trips over.
Some guy started to drink his milk and looked around and stared at a woman. Another guy comes out in a vest and tells the first guy to stop leaning on his car. The first guy leaves and keeps smiling and looking at the woman and trips but catches himself.
They showed the guy who was wearing the shoes, and it's a man who's trying to enjoy a small carton of milk while resting on the side of a car. As he's sipping the milk, he locked eyes with a girl across the street along with the owner of the car who brushes him away out of his comfort. He's still interested in the girl as he walked away from the car.
A young man in jacket resting on a car, opened a  pack with milk it in and proceeded to drink from it, he sees a lady in red top walking pass at the opposite side of the road. Suddenly a man presumably the owner of the car comes and pursues the young man away, the young in an attempt to run almost falls on the ground while staring at the lady.
After opening the bottle of milk the guy looked inside and drank a little. He was leaning on a car and across the road was a girl walking. A man came out of the house and chased the guy from the car. As they guy walked away he tripped and almost fell.
A guy is leaning on a car drinking milk. He is starting at a girl across the street when a guy comes up to him telling him off. He then proceeds to walk down the street and trips but does not fall over, afterwards he looks across the street again to see the women still walking she is wearing a red outfit.
guy leanog on a car drinking milk.  turns out its not his car and is told to move on by the cars owner.  he moves aeay from car and walks away watching a woman across the street 
the man opens the carton of milk and drinks it while looking around. He then notices a woman in a red dress walking by and stares at her while leaning on the car. The owner of said car then comes and chases the man away and while running off he trips over a bit while still looking at the woman and holding his coffee.
The man in his trainer shoes , leaning besides the car just open a carton of Milk . The only he saw a woman in red top and black skirt passing by. The man takes a sip of milk and watches that woman passing by. He is enjoying watching her when the car owner comes out and asks him to move from there. The man moves from there but he is about to fall as he was focusing on that woman passing by. He is taking lot of interest in watching her that he is unaware about the bumpy street.
A man opens a milk carton looks inside then proceeds to drink it. He looks around and spots a woman in a red top and black skirt. He watches her then a man in a white vest top approaches and angrily gestures to the man to move away from his car. He does so, walks away from the car and stumbles over the kerb while the woman carries on walking past on the over side of the street.
The guy managed to open the carton, and took a couple of sips without spilling it, A girl walking by took his eye, A man came to the car he was leaning on so he moved, then he tripped on the kerb, all still without spilling his milk. He took another look back at the girl...
A man is leaning on a car, he opens a carton of vitamin D enhanced milk, checks it and drinks some.  The owner of a car shoes him away so he walks off, is distracted by a woman walking by and trips over.  
A man opens and drinks from a milk carton. He watches a woman walking down the street. He is leaning against a car when the owner appears and chases him off. He trips as he leaves which the woman notices.
The man opens a carton of milk, look inside it and then takes a drink from it. He sees a woman on the other side of the street walking by. Another man then comes over to the guy who is leaning on his car drinking the milk and holds his hands up as if to say move off my car. The man walks off tripping up the pavement and starts walking off.
The young man is leaning on a car as he drinks from the milk carton. He watches a young woman passing on the other side of the street. The car owner appears and tells the young man to move away from his car. The young man walks away and almost trips as he walks down the street.
A man leaning up against a car drops an empty wrapper of chocolate on the floor. He then opens a carton of milk and begins drinking. Whilst drinking he spots a woman in red walking along the street, he watches her as he drinks. An older man then arrives next to the car shooing the man away. The man moves from the car as its not him before walking to the pavement and partially tripping over in the process.
There was a man opening milk. Then he looks into the milk and then takes a drink. He is leaning against a car watching a woman walk by. Then the owner of the car comes out and the man runs away and then trips on the curb but catches himself so he doesn't fall. 
A man is leaning on a car, watching a women walking on the other side whilst opening a carton of milk and drinking from it, the car owner comes out and tells him to get off his car and the man with the milk walks over the road trips up and carries on
