After the accident the camera pans to a shoe lying on the side of the road, The camera then rolls forward a bit to reveal another different type shoe laying at the side of road.
The girl looked on at the accident all horrified, as the guy's shoe flew in the air and landed in the gutter.  The camera scrolled over to show another old shoe further up the street, I guess showing us that this happens all the time.
We see the mans shoe that flew off in the accident and then a little bit away, another shoe.
after they showed the shoe on the ground nearby was another shoe .
an accident happened to theman drinking the milk and he die but his shoe flew up and landed on the floor
The main characters shoe was on the ground after he was hit by that car and then the camera moved to another shoe that was also on the ground.
After the crash the girl watches the show fly through the air to land in the gutter. Just a few inches further along is another shoe in the same situation.
The main characters shoe lands on the ground, next to a shoe that looks like it has been there a while leaving you to think, did something similar happen to the person this shoe belonged to?
The shoe the man was wearing fell out of the sky and landed in the gutter. Another different shoe was laying in the gutter a few feet away.
The shoe from man hit by the car went flying through the air and landed on the ground. We see the shoe on the ground. The camera then pans a little further down the road and we see another shoe.
After the accident, the camera pans to the main characters footwear in a similar way to the very beginning of the movie. The footwear is pictured lying next to a sidewalk. The camera then pans to another piece of footwear lying nearby which is a different piece of footwear to the earlier footwear.  
The camera is fixed on the shoe of the young man who just (presumably) died in the crash. But then ... the camera pans across a few feet to reveal another, different shoe. The implication being that similar accidents have happened in the past - possibly because of the actions of the young girl?
After the crash we see the man's shoe on the ground and then we see another shoe.
When the shoe lands the camera pans up the road a bit and shows a different shoe in the same position.
After the guy was hit by that car, the camera panned to his shoe that came off his foot. As it the camera panned it showed a shoe the girl wore, who he was playing 'Simon says' with before he got hit by the car.
After the accident, a shoe seen falling from above, close to where it landed happens to be another shoe.
The shoe fell on the pavement and another shoe was on the side 
The music from the dance resumes and we pan across the ground from the shoes the guy was wearing to a new shoe... indicating a new performance may begin
shoe knocked off guy hit bar car in gutter, shot then pans to a different shoe in the gutter 
after getting hit by the car there is a close up of the damage where you can also see his shoe on the pavement 
After meeting with a very bad car accident the trainer shoe of that man is lying on the road on its kerb. Just ahead of that there is another black leather boot lying near the kerb of road.
The man shoe that was flying through the air is now lying by the kerb. The camera pans slowly up and reveals another different shoe lying there. Who is it, we don't know
The camera pans along the kerb from where the shoe has fallen, to another broken looking shoe which i assume had been left there from a similar incident before
The camera pans along two shoes resting against the kerb.
We see the shoe lying on the side of the road. The camera moves forward and we see another discarded shoe.
The mans shoe has flown off and landed in the kerb where the camera pans along to show another different shoe also has ended up in the kerb.
The training shoe of the young man has landed next to the kerb in the street. There is a black boot close by which has been thrown away by someone.
The shoe of the man hit by the car falls to the pavement, mimicking the same shot as the beginning of the film, the shot then pans to reveal another shoe in the same place, presumably this has happened before.
You see the guys shoe hit the ground and they stay on it for awhile and then the camera zooms forward and you see another random black shoe just sitting there. 
Two shoes are laying on the ground both are different
