The buffalo are still unsure if it is a crocodile or log in the water so one prods it with a stick and then, still uncertain, jumps onto the object in the water
There are two buffalo at the edge of the water. They both notice something in the water that either looks like a log or a crocodile. The buffalo argue between eachother , one saying its a log and the other saying its a crocodile. One buffalo decides to throw a rock at the log crocodile with no response . The same buffalo then again tries to get its attention by poking with a tick, still no response. The same buffalo once again trie to get its attention by splahsing water on it. After these failed attempts to fully identify the object the buffalo than jumps on the object.
2 cow's on the river are looking at something in the water. they argue on what the item is. first one says it's a cow, the other says it's a log. they go back and fourth as the first cow splashes the water to see if it move. it didn't move. first cow hits it with a rock, pokes at it with a stick and even climbs on it.
The two animals, which I think are moose, are staring at some floating object in a body of water. As they stand on the shore, they look at each other debating whether the object is a log or a crocodile. The seemingly main character moose begins throwing rocks and splashes the object in the water. Nothing happens. So, now he has taken the risk and has jumped on top of the floating object. So far, nothing has happened to him her
the two cows are discussing what is in the water, one thinks it is a crocodile aligator and the other thinks it is a log, the one who does not think its a log splashes the item and gets no result and grunt to the other cow who does not do anything but grunt and look at the item in the water none the wiser as to what it is therefore the other one prods it with a stick a couple of times and grunting but nothing more happens and they just look at the item in the water 
the buffalo kept saying its a crocodile and then threw a stone at it. it did nothing so it try to splash water at it and still nothing happened
Two animals are looking at an item in the water.  One thinks it's an alligator, the other thinks it's a log.  One splashes water on it and nothing happens.  Then it pokes it with a stick and nothing happens.  Finally, the animal jumps on it.
Two Animals are arguing about whether this Mysterious object is a Allegator or Log. One then hits it with its foot... it doesnt respond. They argue again, The same Animal Hits it again but this time with a Stick. The other animal is still not Convinced. nThey continue to disagree; At last the Animal then decides to leap upon the object.
Two cows were discussing if the object in the river was a crocodile or a log. One cow throw stones at it to see if it moved.  it then jumped on it to see if it was alive or not.
They continued arguing as to whether it was a crocodile or a log. To prove his point the first ox picked up a stick to poke the 'object.' Nothing happened, confirming to the other that it was in fact a log. Frustrated the first ox then proceeded to step his first two legs and then his back two onto the object. He was now stuck floating on top! 
One bison thinks the thing in the water is a crocodile, the other thinks it is a tree trunk. The one that thinks its a crocodile first threw a stone at it, then poked it with a stick, then threw water at it, and then jumped on top of it. 
THE TWO ANIMALS WERE DEBATING WEATHER IT WAS A CROCODILE OR A  BRUNCH OF A TREE THEN THE OTHER ONE TOOK A STICK AND PICK THAT THING INSIDE THE WATER AND IT STILL DID NOT MOVE AND THEN ONE ANIMAL DECIDED TO JUMP ON TOP OF THAT THING INSIDE THE WATER
One of the bulls, said the floating object in the water was a log. The other bull said it was a crocodile, and begins to poke it with a stick to see. The object does not move so the bull who poked it jumps on it.
a wildebeest is indicating to its friend (another wildebeest) that the object in the lake is a crocodile. the friend think it is a log. it then proceeds to poke to object and then jump on it to see if it really is a crocodile.
There were two bulls. The first one was trying to convince the second one that object floating is an alligator. First he throw a rock at it, then poked it with a stick. Then he jumped on top of it as the second bull was still thinking its a piece of wood
The ox on the left thinks the green thing in the water is a croc while the ox on the right think it is a log.  The ox on the left pokes the green thing and nothing happens.  That ox then slaps water on it and nothing happens.  That ox then jumps on the green thing.
The wildebeest both thought the thing was something different so the one who thought it was a crocodile decided to test out what it was. First he threw a rock at it, but it didn't move. Next he prodded it with a twig but still nothing happened. Then he splashed it with water - no response - so eventually he jumped on to it.
Two buffalos are on the river bank edge looking into the river at an object in the water. They are arguing with each other over what it is, is it a log or is it a crocodile. One of the buaffalos throws a stone at it and nothing happens, it then prods it with a stick and nothing happens and it then jumps on top of it but again nothing happens
The first animal throws a stone, and then pokes the object with a stick, and nothing happens.  It then splashes the object with water and still nothing.  It then jumps onto the article.
Some animals were standing by the side of a river and what looked either an alligator or a log of wood was in the water. They were trying to determine which it was - they threw a stone at it, kicked some water at it. Eventually one of the animals jumped on to it.
The animals continued debating whether it was a crocodile or wood and after some time one of the animals pointed and took a step.
The two buffalo are still arguing about whether it's a crocodile on the log. The one on the right, who thinks it's a crocodile throws a rock at it but there's no reaction. He still hasn't convinced the other buffalo it's not a log so he pokes it with a stick then splashes it with water. He eventually climbs on top of it, still telling the other that it's a crocodile
Two water Bison were arguing weather an object which lay partially submersed in the water was an Alligator or a log. One Bison vehemently argued for Alligator and tried different means to prove itself, including throwing a stone at it, poking it with a stick, splashing water at it and even getting up on it standing on that mofo.
The two wildebeest standing at the shore are arguing over whether the object in the water is a crocodile or a log. One of them starts to poke the object with a stick to see if it reacts. When it doesn't it then starts to splash water on it. Again when it doesn't react, it puts its two front legs onto the object, but again there is no reaction. 
two animals wait by a waterbank what looks like a log floats in front of them, one animal thinks it is a crocodile, the other just a log, one animal splashes it, pokes it with a stick and then jumps on it
The two animals continued to discuss if it was an alligator or a log. They threw a rock and it didn't move. They then splashed it with water and it still didn't move, but they couldn't agree. Once animal decided to climb onto it in the water.
There are two wildebeests at a river bank having an argument. One wildebeest believes that the object that is half submerged in the river is a log, while the other believes that it is a crocodile. One of the wildebeests tries to verify the identity of the object by poking it with a stick, and the object does not move. They still have doubts, so one of them steps on the object. 
the hippos are trying to workout if what in the water in a log to perch on or something dangerous like a crocadile 
Two wildebeest are on a shoreline, they want to cross the river but are arguing about what they think a floating object is in the water. One of the wildebeest thinks it is a crocodile while another thinks it is just a log. They argue a little about which it might be. The wildebeest that thinks the object is a crocodile pokes the object with a stick and splashes it with some water, before putting its front hooves onto the object.
The 2 buffalo were arguing over whether the object in the water as a log or a crocodile. One buffalo tried poking it with a stick, throwing a rock at it, splashing ot with water and stomping on it and nothing made it move.
Two wildebeast are at the bank of a river ant there is something large floating in the river, One thinks the floating object is a crocodile while the other thinks its a log, One of the wildabeast throws a rock at the object and it doesent move, The same wildabeast then hits object with a stick and nothing happens, finally the wildabeast puts its front legs on the object and the video ends.
Two cows are looking at an object. One think it is a crocodile, the other a log. They keep discussing this, then throw a stone at it. One cow then pokes it with a stick, and finally jumps on the object.
THE BULL THERE WAS TWO HE SAW A CROCODILE TAP IT FOOT THEN SAW A LOG CALLED TO THE OTHER BULL
2 wildebeest are thinking about crossing a river but are hesitating. One of them thinks that there is a crocodile hiding in the river while the other thinks that it is simply a log. They are presently undecided about how to proceed.
the buffalo were discussing between themselves as to whether it was a log or a crocodile, as they were about to cross the river, the buffalo then stupidly hopped onto the crocodile.
The first animal believes the thing in the water is an alligator, the second animal thinks it is a log. Animal 1 throws a rock at it with no reaction, then pokes it with a stick with no reaction, then flicks water on it. The animals still disagree what is in the water so the first animal climbs on to the thing in the water
Two large animals stand at the river bed looking at something in the water.  One thinks its an aligator, the other thinks its a log.  They poke and prod it, then one jumps on it.
The 2 Water Buffalo continue to argue about what the object in the river is. The Water Buffalo that thinks the object is Crocodile, throws a rock at it, pokes it with a stick, and then splashes it with water and the object doesn't react to any of these things. The same Water Buffalo then jumps onto the object.
Two buffalo are standing at the edge of a lake and there is something floating in the lake. The two buffalo are thinking about what it might be, one of them thinks it is wood, the other thinks it is a crocodile. One of the buffalo throws a stone on it, and then pokes the thing that is floating. After a short while, one of the buffalo climbs onto the floating thing and stands on it.
The animal who thought the thing in the water was a crocodile kept trying to provoke it to prove it was a crocodile. It threw a rock and then stabbed it with a stick. The other animal, who thought it was a stick, kept believing it was a stick because the thing didn't move. The first animal then jumped onto the thing.
a couple of oxen were standing by a body of water. They see a large object in the water. One of them thinks it is an alligator while the other thinks it is a log. One of them tosses a pebble onto it. It doesn't do anything. Then the oxen splashes water onto the object. It doesn't do anything. Then the oxen jumps onto the object. It still doesn't do anything. That is where we left off. 
the 2 cows are deciding if what they see is a log or an alligator. One cow pokes it and then jums on to it. He thinks it is a log.
The buffalo continued to argue about whether they were looking at a crocodile or a log.  One of them poked it with a stick, splashed it, and eventually jumped on top of it.
The two sheep continued disagreeing over whether the unknown object in the water was a crocodile or a wood log. The sheep who thought the object was a croc proceeded to throw a rock at it to try and get a reaction from it. It then splashed some water over it to see if it would respond which it didn't. It then proceeded to jump onto the object but the object remained still and silent. 
They were 2 wild animals standing by the river. They saw something inside the water, and they were debating whether it is a log or a crocodile. 
One of the buffalo thinks the thing in the water is a log and the other thinks it's a crocodile. The one that thinks it's a crocodile prods it with a stick and splashes it and then climbs on top of it.
The two water buffelo continued arguing if the object in the water is a crocodile or a log, the one then strated throwing rocks, object did not move, so the other buffelo stated its a log, in which the other one poked it with a stick, object still did not move, so he then climbed ontop of it. 
The buffalos are arguing over whether the thing in the water is a log or crocodile and one tries to find out by throwing rocks, splashing water and finality jumping on it.
The 2 oxen are continuing to debate whether the floating object is a croc or a log. The oxen that thinks it's a croc tries to prove this by throwing a rock, poking the object with a stick, and finally jumping onto the object.
Two cattle are stood by a lake, staring at an object floating in the water. One is insisting the object, which is fairly submerged, is a crocodile. The other is convinced it's a log. The one that thinks it's a crocodile tries various things to wake up the crocodile, prodding it with a stick, and splashing it with water. 
The cartoon animals that looked like bison to me were debating wether or not the object in the water was an alligator or a log. They stared directly at it on the edge of the water and each one had a thought bubble and made a noise thinking it was one or the other and the other one disagreed. One of them threw something at it to see if he was right, then he touched it with a stick, and then finally he jumped on it in the water every time they had this discussion without real words between them. They did this three times.
Two bulls are looking in the water at something and deciding whether it is safe to go in the water or not. One thinks its a piece of wood and the other thinks its an alligator. One pokes it with a stick and throws a rock at it and then jumps on top of it and that part ends.
The one cow thinks it is a crocodile in the water and therefore throws a rock at it, but it doesn't move so the other cow thinks it is a log. The other one disagrees so pokes it with a stick but still no reaction - leading to the other cow communicating that it still thinks it is a log. The first cow finally gets fed up and decides to stand on the object in the water.
The animal on the left says the thing is in the water is an alligator and the one on the right says log. The one on the left grabs a rock and throws it at the log. It then says alligator again and the one on the right says no log. The right one grabs a stick and pokes at it repeating what he says and the one on the right disagrees again. The right one then steps on the thing in the water. 
The water buffalos want to drink some water but they see an ominous shape in the water. One water buffalo thinks that it is a crocodile but the other water buffalo thinks that it is a log. So the one water buffalo tries to prod the ominous shape by tapping it with its hoof and splashing water on it. Eventually, he jumps on top of it.
There were a couple of wilder beast standing by the edge of a lake, they were looking at something in the water and discussing whether it was a tree log or a alligator. One of them kept poking it with a stick to prove it wasn't an alligator. Eventually one of the animals jumped on it to prove it wasn't alive. 
One animal thought the thing in the water was an aligator the other thought a log. The 1st animal picked up a stone and threw it at the object ion the water but nothing happened. He then picked up a stick and poked the thing in the water and nothing happened. The animal then jumped onto it 
There are two buffalo standing at the shoreline. They are arguing over whether or not an object in the water is an alligator or a log. They throw rocks at it, poke it with a stick and finally one of them steps onto it.
The wilderbeast on the left is convinced the object in the water is a crocodile. The wilderbeast on the right thinks it is a log. Left wilderbeast throws a rock at the object. Left wilderbeast splahes some water on the object. Left wilderbeast throws a stick at the object. The left wilderbeast jumps on top of the object in the water!
THERE ARE TWO BISON STANDING NEXT TO A RIVER EDGE WANTING A DRINK OF WATER.  ONE OF THEM THINKS THEY SEE A LOG IN THE WATER BUT THE OTHER THINKS IT COULD BE A CROCODILE.  THEY HAVE THOUGHT BUBBLES COMING FROM THEIR HEADS.  ONE OF THEM POKES THE LOG CROCODILE WITH A STICK AND WHEN NOTHING HAPPENS DECIDES TO STEP OUT ONTO THE LOG. 
The 2 wildebeest are still arguing over whether the object in the water is a crocodile or a log. The one that thinks it's a croc is trying to prove to the other it is by standing on it.
Bull #1 (who thinks the unidentified object in the water is a crocodile) and Bull #2 (who thinks it is a log) continue to argue on who is correct. Bull #1 throws a stone at the object, it does not move so Bull #2 reiterates it is a log. Bull #1 disagrees still and pokes it with a stick, no movement happens again and again bull #2 reiterates the presence of a log. Bull #1 continues to disagree and so splashes it with some water before climbing aboard the unidentified object. 
The bison on the left insists that it's a crocodile in the water. The bison on the right says it is a log. The bison on the left picks up a nearby rock and throws it at the object in the water, nothing happens. The bison on the right says it is a log still. The bison on the left gets annoyed at this and picks up a nearby stick and pokes the object in the water, nothing happens. The bison on the right says it is a log. The bison on the left then jumps onto the object in the water and it wobbles a bit.
There is a crocodile in the river and the two cows trying to get past the river one cow starts whacking it with a stick then decided to jump on the crocodile
The two wilderbeast were still arguing over if it was a rock or a crocodile. The one who thought it was a crocodile threw a stone at it and then poked it with a stick. He then jumped onto it.
where the two animal are still argue over a log or a crocodie
The wildebeest standing on the left, threw a rock at the alligator or a log, to see if it moves or not. The wildebeest on the left said it's a log because it didn't move, then the one on the left splashed water on it and jumped on top of the alligator log
The bulls kept bickering about whether that thing in the water was a log, or an alligator. The bull poked it with a stick, and then got on top of it. Nothing happened when he got on top of it, insinuating it was not a live animal.
The two bison are debating if the object in the water is an alligator or a piece of wood. One of them jumps onto it to prove their point.
The two wilder beasts are arguing about the floating object in the river. One of them think its a crocodile while the other is convinced its a log. One pokes the object with a stick and splashes water on it and then eventually jumps on the object.
There are two cartoon wildebeast standing on the bank of a river debating whether an object in the water is either a log or a crocodile. One throws a stone at it then pokes it with a stick before jumping on it. There is no indication of what it is.
two cows were arguing about whether an object in the water was a crocodile of log so one cow pooks it with a stick and then throws water on it
The two bulls were trying to figure out of the item in the lake is a crocodile or a log. one is convinced that the item is a crocodiles back, the other is adamant it is a log. one of the bulls tries various ways to provoke the crocodile out of the water. he pokes it with a stick, splashes it with water and then proceeds to stand on it. nothing has disturbed the item int he water so we don't yet know what it is.
Two buffalo are at the edge of a piece of land, by the water. They are looking at something poking out of the water. One of them thinks it's a crocodile and the other one thinks it's a log. The one who thinks it's a crocodile throws a rock at it, pokes it with a stick, and jumps on top of it.
Two gnu are standing next to a bosy of water, with an object in it. One gnu believes that the object is a crocodile, whilst the other thinks that it is a log. The former gnu keeps trying to convince the other one, but the latter one remains skeptical throughout. The former gnu throws a stone at the object, splashes, and prods it with a stick, but to no vail. Eventually, the former gnu mounts the object.
Two buffalos are by a lake discussing whether or not a 'log' is a crocodile or, infact, a log. nThey disagree and then one of them jumps on the 'log'!
The two animals are arguing over whether the object in the water is a crocodile or a log. One is brave and steps onto it.
Two wildebeest stand next to the edge of a body of water. They argue over what sits in front of them in the water, is it a log or a crocodile? The one wildebeest thinks it's a croc so he throws a rock at it. They continue to argue about what it is. Next he pokes it with a stick, still nothing. The wildebeest then splashes it with water and jumps on it to try and prove it's a croc and not a log. 
The wilderbeest are still by the side of the river with one thinking that the lump in the river is a crocodile and the other a log. The wilderbeest closest to the edge first throws a stone onto the lump, then jabs it with a twig, then splashes water onto it before finally jumping onto it
The cows continue to debate what the object was. The cow who thinks it is a crocodile prodded it with a stick. Then he splashed it with water. Finally, he jumped on it.
A herd of buffalo were stood at the side of a lake or watering hole. They had noticed something in the water but were unsure what it is. One buffalo thought it was a log, while the other thought it was a crocodile or alligator. They threw stones at the object and prodded it with a stick, but the object did not move or respond. One buffalo stepped onto the object.
Two moose are trying to figure out if the object in the water is an alligator or a tree limb. They go back and forth trying to figure it out. The moose on the left throws a pebble at the object. It does not respond. He then carefully steps on to the object. 
The two cows looking at something in the water are disagreeing about whether it is a log or a crocodile. The one that thinks it is a crocodile tried various tactics to find out what it is. It throws a pebble on it, it pokes it with a stick and finally it jumps onto the thing in the water. The other cow continues to think it is a log
The Wildebeest that is convinced that the object in the water is an alligator crocodile started poking the object with a stick. Because the object did not move the other one was still convinced that the object is a log. So the one that is convinced that it is an alligator crocodile then proceeded to jump on the object in the water.
A herd of cows were waiting to go into a river. One cow thought that there was a submerged crocodile in the water and another cow thought that it was a log. The cow who thought that it was a crocodile decided to firstly poke the submerged item with a stick and then proceeded to jump on top of it
The two animals carried on argue whether it was a crocodile or log. The one who thought it was a crocodile throw a stone at it then poked it with a stick, he then got on the crocodile.
A group of buffalo are standing next to a river and are contemplating whether the object floating in the river is a wooden log or a crocodile. Eventually, one of the buffalo takes a risk and jumps on the object which turns out to be a log.
The first wildebeest continues to insist the object is only a log. After throwing pebbles at it and splashing it with water, he actually jumps onto it.
As both cows stood by the bank of the river, they were wondering how to cross to the other side of the river and wondered whether it was safe to step on whatever was protruding out of the river. The cow thought it was an alligator, so he threw of stick at it to poke it, and the object moved somewhat. This led the cow to think it was a tree trunk that was poking through the river. 
Two wildebeast are trying to decide if what they can see in the water is a crocodile or a log. One pokes it with a stick. nothing happens. They debate for a little while until one goes close and it turns out it is a crocodile and gets pulled in.
Two wilder beast are looking at an object in the water they want to drink from. They are arguing non-verbally about whether the object is a log or an alligator. One starts prodding it with a stick and eventually jumps on hit to try to prove to the other that its a log.
The bulls were still trying to decide what it was in the water. The kicked a stone at it, prodded with a stick and splashed water on it. Then one of them got on it. Then you woke up.
The bulls are discussing whether its a log or a crocodile and one of them throws a stone and then jumps on top of it.
The first sheep keeps repeating that the thing is a crocodile and tests it by throwing a pebble, pokeing it with a stick, splashing water on it and eventually jumping on it. All whilst arguing whether it was a crocodile or a log.
The buffalo that thought it was an alligator continued to insist it was right and then poked it with a stick. Once nothing happened it moved on top of the object floating in the water.
The 2 rams were stilling arguing if the thing in the water was a log or a croc.  The one thew water on it, rocks, poked it with a stick and it did not budge.  So the one just decided to step on it.
The ox that thinks it's an alligator throws a rock at it, pokes it with a stick, and then stands on it.
two wilderbeast at the rivers edge debating whether they are looking a log or a croc in the water in front of them. One thinks it's a log the other a croc. One throws a stone then a stick then splashes water on the unknown floating item to see what happens. nothing happens so the wilderbeast steps on the the unknown floating item.
Two oxen are stood by the shore, they are debating whether the object in the water is either a log or a crocodile.  Each oxen believes that the object is different from what the other oxen believes.  One oxen prods the object with a stick and there is no response.  One of the oxen then jumps atop of the object and again there is no response.
2 cows are at the water. When Cow says to the other cow, it is an alligator in the water. The other cow at the water says no it's a log that is floating in the water. The first cow throws a rock at it, to see if it moves. It does not move. They're still discussing it. The first cow pokes what is in the water with a stick. It does not move. Finally the first cow jumps onto it in the water, to see what it really is. It does not move it must be a log.
Two cows are on the hill above a lake. They see something in the water. The two cows argue over whether it is a log or an alligator. One cow pokes the thing with a stick and it doesn't move. The cow then jumps on top of the object.
Some cattle have come across a suspicious looking bump in the water. Two oxen debate whether the bump is a crocodile or just a log. The one advocating for the crocodile splashes the bump, throws a rock, pokes the bump and finally hops up onto the bump.
The cow on the far sid threw a rock at it, pked it with a stick, and splashed water on it. The other cow still thought it was a log. So, the cow that thought it was an aligator jumped on top of it. 
One of the buffalo insisting that the object was a log, the other was certain that it was a crocodile. The buffalo that believed it to be a log, poked the object with a stick, but both were still insisting they were correct. The buffalo then attempted to prove it was a crocodile and jumped on the object.
The two wildebeests continue their discussion. The one on the left picks up a pebble and throws it at the floating object. Nothing happens. The one on the right still thinks it's a log so the one on the left says it's a crocodile and pokes it with a stick. Nothing happens and the one on the right still thinks it's a log. The one on the left says crocodile  and jumps on top of the object,
There are two rams beside a lake and there is something in the water.  One thinks it is a crocodile and other thinks it is a log.  The one that thinks it is a crocodile starts to splash water on it, nothing happens, then he throws something at it.  Again nothing happens.  So now he has jumped on it 
The wildebeests continued to argue if the object is a crocodile or a log. The wildebeest who believes it's a crocodile threw a rock at the object, and nothing happened. Then, when that didn't work pokes it with a stick. When that didn't work splashes in the water. Now, finally the wildebeest who believes it is a crocodile stands on the object. If you ask me, it's a log.
2 water buffalo are trying to figure out if something in the water is a log or crocodile. One of the water buffalo starts to poke it with a stick and then jumps on top of it.
Two gnus were continuing to discuss, and test if the object in the tater was a log. The furthest gnu, to prove it was an alligator, first through a stone, at it. Then prodded it with a stick. Finally they jumped on it.
There are two bison looking at a floating object in the pond. They disagree whether it is a log or a crocodile. One of them pokes it, steps on it etc to illicit a response, but there is none.
2 animals are down at water's edge.  They are looking at an object in the water.  One animal says it's an alligator, the other animal say it is a log.  The first animal does a variety of tests on the object to prove it is an alligator but none of them make it respond.  The second animal watches these prompts and continues to say it's a log. 
The cow who thinks the thing in the water is a crocodile throws a rock at the thing. As nothing happens, the cow who think it is a log shakes his head. The other cow then pokes the thing in the water with a long stick. Again, nothing happens so the cow on the right shakes his head, still believing it is a log. The cow on the left then splashes the thing, again nothing happens to the cow jumps on top of the thing in the water.
The two bulls on the shore think that the object in the water is different things. One of them pokes the bull with a stick and then jumps on the object
the cows were wanting to know if it was a alligator or a log before they stepped on to it in the water
The main Buffalo in front of the other one starts trying to wake up the crocodile. First it throws rocks at it and then pokes it with a stick. When it sees that it doesn't wake up it tries splashing water on it which doesn't work, so it then climbs on top of the crocodile.
The two bison continue to disagree whether it is a crocodile or a log that is in the river. The bison on the left throws water on it and pokes it with a stick and there is no reaction. Then it stands on the object. 
The two buffalo standing on the shore next to the semi-submerged object were trying to work out if it was a log or a crocodile. One poked the object with a stick, splashed it and finally climbed onto it
The one animal continues to insist that the floating object in the water is an allegator. To test his theory, he throws a rock at the object, then pokes it with a stick, then splashes it with water and finally jumps onto the object. 
Two water buffalo friends who could speak in their buffalo language were next to a lake in a gloomy environment. They were watching the lake and what was coming out of it. You could see a part of crocodile, but only the top of the crocodile. Water buffalo and their friend kept arguing about what the thing in the water is. One buffalo said it's a crocodile, another buffalo argued it's wood log. Then one buffalo decided to poke the thing in the water with a stick to determine what it is.
Two creatures with antlers, perhaps moose a standing beside a river. There is a rock or could it be an alligator? One creature thinks it could be a rock, the other an alligator.  One of them decides to test this theory by throwing a stone at the rock, then prodding with a branch and finally splashing it with water. Eventually, one of them is satisfied that is just a rock and climbs onto it safely, at least for now!
The bull on the left that is adamant about that floating object is an alligator as the bull on the right endlessly claims that the object is a log. The bull claiming it's an alligator just got the object to prove that it's not a log.
The two animals that were beside the lake continued to speculate if the floating object was either an alligator or piece of wood. The one who thought it was the alligator tossed a stone at it, then prodded it with a stick and then splashed it with water. It then climbed onto the object
Two cows are standing at the edge of a lake. There is something sticking up out of the water. One cow says it is an alligator, one cow says it is a log. The one cow pokes the thing in the water with a stick. They still can't figure out what it is. 
Two animated buffalo were standing near a body of water, uncertain whether an object on the water was a crocodile or a log, they threw stones at it and one jumped on to the object.
The two cows were throwing rocks and poking the item in the water with a stick to try to figure out what it was, then one cow jumped on top of it the object.
The two gnus are standing on the shore, looking at something in the water. The first gnu thinks it is an alligator. The second gnu thinks it is a log. The first gnu throws a rock, which bounces harmlessly off the object. The object doesn't move. The second gnu still thinks it's a log. The first gnu pokes the object with a stick. It still doesn't move. Then the first gnu jumps off the shore and lands on the object in the water. It gives with the gnu's weight but doesn't do anything else.
The cows were arguing about whether the thing in the water was a log or a crocodile. The cow who thought it was a crocodile tried throwing a stone at the thing but it didn't react. The cows continued arguing back and forth about what it was. The same cow then poked the thing with a stick but nothing happened. After they argued again, the same cow splashed the thing with water; nothing happened. The same cow then took a step into the thing.
The yak on the left throws a rock at the thing in the water, then pokes it with a stick and splashes it before climbing on top of it. The yak on the right keeps arguing that it's a log, not an alligator. 
2 buffalos were by the water debating if something in it was a crocodile or a log, they threw something at it and poked it to see what happened, then splased water at it
The two bison-things continued debating whether the floating thing was a log or a crocodile. The one who thinks it was a crocodile threw a rock at it and it didn't move, but the other bison-thing was sure it was a log still. The one who thinks it is a crocodile then decided to poke it with a stick and again it did not react, further confirming to the other bison-thing it was a log. The one who thinks it is a crocodile then splashed around the water a bit and then jumped on top of the thing.
the two bulls are still looking at the object in the water. one thinks its an alligator, the other thinks it a log. their thought bubbles go back and forth a few times with the picture of an alligator and log. the bull that thinks its an alligator throws a stone at the object in the water, the splashes it, the pokes it with a stick and then stands on it
The first cow insisted it was a crocodile, and throw a stone at it and also poked it with a stick, yet the object didn't bulge, the second cow insisted it was a log of wood. The first cow then proceeded to step on the object
Two animals are by water, and in the water is a crocodile. One wonders if it is a log or a crocodile, and uses the stick to tap the crocodile in order to find out if it is indeed a crocodile or a log.
The 2 oxen are by the side of a river and want to cross. They see something floating in the river. One thinks its a log , one thinks its a crocodile. One thtows a rock at it ,and it doesnt move . Then he splashes it with water and gets onto it to test.
The cow on the left threw a stone at the thing in the water, then poked it with a stick. It then splashed water on it then jumped on it as it thinks it is a log.
The buffalo is thinking wheither its safe to cross and throws a rock at the floating object to test if it is a crocodile lying in the water.
the cow told it is a crocodile and got on it
the moose were at the edge of the lake they were trying to figure out if what they saw in the water was a log or an alligator so one of them threw a rock and nothing happened then one poked a stick and nothing happened they splahed water on it and nothing happened then he stood on top of what is suppose to be a log or an alligator i think it a log 
Two buffalo are stood on a riverbank next to a river. They are looking at a mostly submerged unidentified object in the river. They are each arguing over what the object is; one thinks it is a crocodile or alligator, the other one thinks it is a wooden log. One of the buffalo throws a stone at the object and it does not react. Then the buffalo prods it with a wooden stick but it still has no reaction. The buffalo them jumps on to the object and stands on the object but nothing happens.
The two buffalo are trying to figure out if the thing in the water is a log or Aligator. The one who thinks it is an aligator goes in first and stands on the object. 
They animals were still debating on the item floating in the water. The other was thinking it is a crocodile whilst the other was saying it is a log. The one on the right threw a stone and splashed water. It poked using a stick and stood on it.
The buffalo were discussing if the item they saw was a rock or a crocodile they proceeded to poke it with a stick, throw a rock and step on the thing in the water. One buffalo is now on the item the other is still on land. We don't know if it's a rock or crocodile yet.
The 2 animals keep debating whether the object is a log or an alligator. The animal that thinks it is an alligator throws a rock at it. The other animal isn't convinced. The animal that thinks it's an alligator then jumps and stomps on the object.
Two cows discussing whether the object in the river is a log or a crocodile. One thinks it is a log so is going to stand on it to cross the river
the two cattle were trying to decide if there was a crocodile or a log in the water. the one who thought it was a crocodile threw a stone, splashed and poked the thing with a twig, each time indicating he thought it was a crocodile. the other cattle was still convinced it was just a log
there was some cows at the riverside prodding a stick in the water at a crocodile or log there was trying to fined out what it was 
These two cows were wondering if this item was a log or a aligator.
2 bison? standing at the edge of some water wanting to cross, one says it is a crocodile and the other thinks it is a log, they throw stoff at it and decice it is a log and proceed to jump onto it.
The two animals were still trying to decide whether the item in the water was a log or a crocodile. One of the animals threw a rock at it to see if it moved. Then it prodded it with a stick. They still both could not decide and then one of the animals jumped onto the item whilst the other remained on land.                                                  
The 2 water buffalo are arguing over whether the object in the water they are standing nearby is a crocodile or a log. One of them after numerous tests decides to stand on the log
Antelopes were going to a waterhole to drink.  Whilst there they could not decide whether there was a crocodile or a log in water.  One antelope stands on the log crocodile.
Antelopes are at a waterhole to drink.  They see something that might or might not be a crocodile.  One stands on it.
2 waterbuffalo on the bank of a body of water.  they are arguiung if an object in the water is a log or a croc
2 animals are arguing if a lump in the river is a log or alligator and one jumps on it to test 
The two cows are still debating whether it's a crocodile or a log.  The one that thinks it's a crocodile splashed water and threw a stick at it before jumping on it.
The 2 buffalo bison horned herding animal are looking at something in the water is. One thinks it's a crocodile, and the other thinks it's a log. The one that thinks it's a crocodile keeps doing things to try and make the croc move, like throwing a rock, poking it with a stick, and splashing it. The other one keeps saying it's a log because the mass doesn't move. The one that thinks it's a croc just walked onto the mass to test if it's a log.
the wilder beast kept arguing whether the floating object was a crocodile or not. And the one that thought it was a crocodile kept pocking it trying to see and prove it was a crocodile and even began climbing on the object.
the 2 cows were communicating with each other. one thought the object in the water was a log and one thought it was an alligator. one of the cows then pokes the object with a stick and then attempts to climb onto the object.
The two cows are standing by the river side. The first cows says to the second cow that there is a crocodile in water which she can see. The other cow opposes and says that its not a crocodile , there's a log of wood floating in water. So the first cow throws a branch on it, but the crocodile doesn't moves. The second cow disagrees with the first one and says that there's a log instead. Then finally the first cow jumps on that crocodile which stands motionless in water. 
The two bulls continued arguing whether the thing they could see in the water was either an alligator or a stick. To show him it was an alligator, the first bull threw a stone at it to see if it would move. It did not move. The second bull then argued that it was a stick. However, the first bull tried again to wake up what he thinks is an alligator by prodding it with a stick, splashing it with water and jumping on it. However, it did not move. 
The two bison   cows are trying to decide if the floating object in the water is a crocodile or log. One bison   cow throws a pebble at the object, then pokes it with a stick
The two animals were continuing to argue about whether the thing in the water was a log or a crocodile. The one that thought it was a crocodile threw a small stone at it, poked it with a stick ,splashed water on it, then got on it. There was no reaction from the log crocodile.
The two buffalo on the edge of the water argued over the nature of the object that floated up in front of them. The one furthest said it was a crocodile and the closer one said a floating log. The furthest buffalo attempted to settle the dispute. First poking the object with a stick, and then jumping onto,
The two wilder beasts where trying to work out what the shape in the water is. The one the left thinks its a crocodile and the other on the right thinks its a log. So the wilder beast on the left has thrown a stone at it, poke it with a stick, splashed it and just then jumped on it
As you may recall, two cows were arguing at a riverbank about what they thought was floating in the water. One cow thought it was a log. The other cow thought it was an alligator. In fact, the cow who thought it was an alligator tried to prove his point by doing a few things. First, he threw a rock but no response. Then he touched it with a stick, yet again no response. Finally, in a last ditch effort, the cow jumps on the thing, but still no response. At this point we can all assume it was a log.
The water buffalo indicated to his companion that they could use the log to avoid the crocs in the river to cross.
The wildebeest continued arguing about what it was in the water until one of them decides to prove it is a crocodile, first he splashes it with water then pokes it with a stick and finally he jusmps on its back.  
My dear, there were three thirty cows who have gone to the river side to drink water. Upon getting there, they image seeing a crocodile but were unsure whether it was a log or a real crocodile as only the back side of the crocodile was showing. They exchange views and one the cows strew a stone in the hope that the object in the river will move. Lo and behold, it was static. It again touch the object with a stick and still , there was no movement. Thirdly, it tried splashing water at it but then there was no movement. It then jumped at the object hoping it was a log.
The moose who thought it was a crocodile was trying to convince the moose who thought it was a log. So he prodded it, splashed water on to it, and then jumped on it
The water buffalo are standing at the edge of a river.  Two of the water buffalo are arguing about whether an object in the river is a crocodile or a log.  One of the water buffalo pokes at the object and when it doesn't more, goes to stand on the object.
The animals on the riverbank could not agree whether the item in the water was a crocodile or a log. The one who thought it was a crocodile touched the item with a stick. They got no response so climbed on top of the item.
There were some cows standing next to a body of water, with intent to cross the water. There is an crocodile in the water. To check if it was dangerous, one of the cows poked the crocodile with a stick. It didn't respond. Then they splashed it with water. It didn't move. So one of the cows started to use the crocodile to cross the water.  
One Bull is confident that the object is a crocodile. They throw a stone at the object. The object doesn't move. The Other bull believe that the onject is a log. The first bull then prods the object with a stick, and again the object remains still. The first bull then jumps into the lake and stands on the object.
The cows are arguing about an object in the water. One thins its a log and the other thinks its a crocodile.
Two bison were stood next to a watering hole in Africa, they were looking at an object floating in the water and arguing about what it was, one thought it was a log, the other thought it was a  Crocodile.nThe one who thought it was a log prodded the object and stood on top of it with no response.
The first bison is convinced it's a crocodile, the second that it's a log. The first bison throws a rock at the object in the water. Then pokes it with a stick, then splashes it with water. There is no reaction from the object. The first bison then stands on the object. 
two wildebeest are at a river bank trying to decide if a floating object is a harmless log or a crocodile.  they poke it with a stick and splash it with water to see if it reacts.  finally one stands on it
The first wildebeast threw a stone at the object and the 2nd still said  it was a log then the first prodded the object and then splashed it and jumped on it. All the while the 2nd said it was a log.
2 buffalo's trying to decide if the floating thing in water is a floating log or a crocodile so one of them jumps onto it.
Two animals were arguing about what seemed like a log in the water, one argued that it was a crocodile while the other said it was a log. 
the buffalo were trying to figure out if the crocodile was a crocodile or a log, after a few tests one jumps on top of the crocodiles back
Two bison stand next to a river. There is something in the water. One thinks it is a log, the other thinks it is a crocodile. He jumps on the object
Two cows standing by a river looking at an object in the water. They are thinking about what the object could be, one of them thinks that it is a piece of wood, one thinks that it is a crocodile. One cow splashes water towards the object and pokes it with a stick.
You haven't missed much, i was just two cows argue about what they saw on the river, the object seems to look like a tree branch and it also looks like a crocodile so the two cow were argueing if its a branch or a crocodile so one cow jumped on the object to confirm so thats where we are
The two creatures are disagreeing about the object in the water they can see being a crocodile or a log. The creature on the left throws a stone at the object, it doesn't move. It then pride the object with a stick.
one sheep checked what was hidden in the water, threw a stone, then touched it with a stick, and finally stepped on it
The moose looks at the other moose as they stare at what appears to be the top of an alligator poking out of the water. A bubble appears above the other moose's head with a log, as it appears that is what he thinks the object in the water is. A bubble appears above the other moose's head with the alligator symbol so he then hits it with a rock and then a stick but it does not move. He proceeds to step on whatever is poking out of the water.
two moose are looking into the water, they see a shape in the water, one moose thinks its a log, the other thinks its a crocodile. one moose chucks a rock at it, nothing happens. then he procceds to jump and land on it, notihng happens
One of the wildebeests has stood on the object to prove to the other one that it was indeed a log. The other animal just watches on.
Two bison are standing near water, there's object in the water - both stare at the object. The two bison begin to debate what the object  one bison thinks the object is a log; the other believes it is an alligator. To settle the debate one of the bison begins to prod at the object with a stick to elicit a reaction. After nothing happens the bison stands on the object - it seems to be a log.
The two animals were disagreeing about whether the item in the water was a crocodile or a log.  The one who thought it was a crocodile picked up a stone and threw it at the object but it didn't move.  It then picked up a stick and prodded the object but it didn't move.  It continued to think it was a crocodile and the other animal continued to think it was a log.  Finally, the one who thought it was a crocodile splashed water at the object and then jumped onto it. 
The two animals at the waters edge are arguing over an item in the water. One believes it is a log and the other thinks it is an aligator. One pokes it with a stick then jumps on top of it.
The two cows were looking at the object in the water, and one thought it was a crocodile and the other a log, and so they decided to test what it was. First they threw a stone at the object, nothing happened and they still could not decide. So then one of the cows poked the object with a stick. Again, nothing happened and they were even more baffled. So then the cow who had poked with the stick and threw the stone, bravely stepped onto the object for a moment.
two water buffalo beside water. One thinks an object in the water is a crocodile and the other thinks it is a log. The one who thinks it a crocodile throws a rock and hits it, nothing happens. Then he pokes it with a stick. Still nothing happens . he pushes water at it and then jumps on top of the object.
Two cows on side of river bank looking at what could be a log,   The first  cow's  speech bubble is a picture of an alligator, the other shakes his head and their speech bubble is a log, the first throws a stone and hits the object, and the second cow again says Log, the first then sys Alligator again, chooses a stick and hits the object in the water, and again the other cow says log The first cow again says alligator  then jumps on the back of the object (note ALL of the comments are in speech bubbles and you can hear grunting as each one appears.)
Two cows are down by the river staring at what is either an alligator or a log sticking out of the water. The cows debate what it is. One pokes and prods at the object but the object doesn't move. Finally, the one cow, how thought it was an alligator, jumped onto to the object. 
The first cow prods the object in the water with a stick and splashes water on it. The object does not move. The second cow still believes the object is a log. The first cow then jumps onto the object.
The two buffalo were stood next to the lake discussing when the object they could see was a log or a crocodile. They disagreed. One buffalo threw and stone and splashed water at the object to try and find out which it was. The said buffalo then jumps across and onto the object 
one cow tests the water then moves over to the log
The cow on the left argues that its a crocodile but the other one does not agree. The cow then pokes the thing with a log and it does not move. He also throws stone. But the object is unmoved.
The two cows are debating whether something in the river is an alligator or a piece of wood. The first cow says Alligator using cow noises. We see his word in a bubble coming out of his mouth. The second cow says Wood using cow noises and we see his word in a bubble coming out of his mouth. The cows go back and forth saying Alligator and Wood. Then the cow who thinks it's an alligator tries poking at the think in the river to see if it moves. Nothing happens. He tries splashing at it.  Nothing happens. Finally, he stands on top of it. Nothing happens.
Two cows standing on a river are argueing whether an object is a log or a alligator one of them pokes it with a stick and then stands on it
The two bulls on the shore attempt to determine whether or not the thing in the water is an alligator or a log. The bull who thinks it's an alligator throws a rock, hits it with a branch, splashes water on it and finally steps on it all the while the other bull insists it's a log.
Two cows or bulls are standing near water looking at something. They are arguing over whether it's a tree trunk or an alligator crocodile. One of the cows bulls prods it with a stick, throws a stick at it, flicks water at it and then stands on top of it. The other cow bull is still not convinced.
the bullaflo were trying to figure out if something in the water was a log or a gator.  one of them poked it with a stick and then stepped on it to show the other one it was a log
The buffalo continue to argue over whether the floating object is an alligator or a log. The one arguing alligator throws a rock, then pokes it with a stick, then stands on the log gator in an attempt to prove their point to the other buffalo.
Two brown or grey oxen are on a river bank and appear to be having a dispute about whether an item in the water is a log or an alligator. One jumps on top of it.
A couple of cows are standing beside the watering hole debating what they are seeing in the watering hole is a floating log or an alligator.  After poking the floating thing it doesn't respond as if it is alive, so one of the cows jumps on it.
The two animals are still at the bank of the water and now they are arguing where one thinks the thing in the water is a log any other thinks that it's a crocodile. The one on the right picks up a stick and pokes it and the one on the left says basically see it's still a log and the one on the right says no it's a crocodile. The one on the right has just now stepped on top of the log crocodile.
two buffalos are stood by a lake. in the water they can see something. one of the buffalos thinks that it is a crocodile. the other one thinks that it is a log. they argue over this. eventually, the buffalo uses a stick and pokes the item in the water. the item moves
The two cattle are still not sure if its a log or crocodile. One touches it with a stick to see if it moves. It doesnt move but they are still unsure which it is.
The two wilderbeest continue their argument on whether the object is a crocodile or a log. The one who is convinced that it is a crocodile throws a stone at it, prods it with a stick and splashes it with water. There is no response. They then jump onto it.
There are some cow or bison by the water edge and they are conferring about whether an object in the water is a log of a crocodile. One of the was throwing stones at it and jumping up and down on it to see which it was. 
two cow were beside a river and the were arguing if the object in the watyer was a crocodile or a log of wood then one of the cow throw a stone at the object, splashed water on it, poked it with a stick and finally jumped on the object
One of the water buffaloes poked the object with a stick, threw a rock at it, splashed water at it, then stepped on top of it
The Bison are exchanging thought bubbles as to whether the object in the river is a log or a crocodile. The bison who thinks it is a crocodile pocks it with a stick.  They continue to exchange thought bubbles. The bison who thinks the object is a crocodile jumps on top of the object.
The two cows are arguing as to whether the item in the water is a crocodile or tree stump. One of the cows throws a stone at it and then pokes it with a stick to prove its a crocodile. The other cow keeps insisting that its a tree stump. The first cow enters the water and starts to jump on the thing in the water..
Two animals are arguing about whether something in the water is an alligator or a log.  The one that is adamant that it's an alligator pokes it with a stick, throws a rock at it, throws water on it, and finally climbs on top of it.
The left buffalo continues to disagree with the right buffalo on what's in the water. The left buffalo throws a rock at it, pokes it with a stick, splashes it, and then stands on it. They argue as the left buffalo does this.
The two water buffalo are deciding if a lump in the water is a crocodile or a log. The first says its a croc and throws a stone and when it doesn't move the second says its a log. Then the first pokes it with a stick and the second still says its a log. Then the first splashes it with water before jumping on it.
There are two animals, it was not clear what they were, possibly cows, looking into a body of water.  There was something in the water that was likely either a log, or an alligator, and they were talking to each other trying to decide what it was. In the end, the cow that thought it was a log stepped onto the object, and the video ended.
Two water buffalo are standing by a river or lake, discussing something that is floating near them. One thinks it as a log, while the other thinks it is a crocodile. One splashes it, and finally hops up on top. 
The two buffalo`s were deciding if the thing that was floating in the water was a log or a alligator. So one of them picked up a rock and hit it and it didnt move so the he jumped over onto it
The two Buffalo argue back and forth about the object in the water. One believes it to be the back of a crocodile and the other just a log of wood. Believing it would move if prompted and prove its point the buffalo fist pokes it, throws a rock at it and then splashes it with water. The Object doesn't move so the buffalo jumps on top of it.
Two large cow like animals with horns are stood at the edge of water looking at an object in the water. They are trying to work out if it is a crocodile or a log. One pokes the object with a stick and when there is no reaction jumps on top of it.
The ox continue to argue over what is in the water, a crocodile or a log. They start to poke and splash to see if any reaction. One ox decides to jump onto the item to see if something happen.
the 2 buffalo were arguing if there is a crocodile or a log in the river the buffalo threw a stone at it
The cow threw a stone and it didn't move but is still convinced it is a crocodile.  He then started prodding it with a stick and it didn't move but still think its a crocodile whilst the other cow still thinks its a long.  The first cow jumps on top of it. 
In the movie, the deers were thinking about what it was in the water. One said it was a crocodile, the other a log. They started prodding it at first, and then they splashed water at it. What just happened was he had then jumped on to it to stand on it.
The two animals are still disagreeing over the object in the water if it is a log or a crocodile. The one who thinks it is a crocodile pokes it with a stick but it does not move. It then splashes it with water and stands on top of the object. 
there are two sheep figuring out whether its a crocodile or a log in the river. Then one of them tries pushing it about and eventually jumps on to it.
The first bison thinks the object in the water is a crocodile and throws a stone at it. When the object doesn't move the second bison figures it's a log. The first bison then pokes it with a stick, but the object still doesn't move and the second bison asserts it's a log. The first bison then splashes it with water before jumping on it.
The two animals were still debating what they were looking at in the water. One thought it was a crocodile while the other thought it was a log. So the one took a rock and threw it at the floating object nothing happened. Then he took a stick and poked the floating object and nothing happened. Finally he stepped on the floating object. 
One of the cows thought it was a log and the other thought is was a crocodile. After poking the log with a stick, one of the cows stood on it.
the two buffalo were trying to decide whether an object was a log or a crocodile. One threw a small pebble at it, then poked it with a stick, splashed it with water and finally stood on it.
The buffaloes are still debating whether the object in the water is a crocodile or a log. One buffalo throws a stone at the object to no response. Both buffaloes still believe they are correct about what the object is. The same buffalo then pokes the object with a stick; still no response. The same buffalo then splashes the object with water before climbing on top of it. 
The animal pokes the object with a stick, throws a stone at it, splashes it with water then stands on it.
The 2 animals were unsure if the thing in the water was a log or crocodile. So they used a branch to poke it to see if it moved, then kicked the water to see if it would react. then they felt confident ti was a log they stood on it safely 
The two cow-type creatures kept going back and forth, and the it's an alligator character tried to provoke whatever it was into moving. He splashed water, prodded it with a stick, and finally walked out to step onto it. And all the while they kept going back and  alligator... log... 
The were two buffalo's standing at the side of a body of water. They were having a discussion about something in the water. One of them believed it to be a log while the other buffalo believed it to be a crocodile. One of the buffalo jumped on the object after prodding it with a stick.
2 ox's discussing if it was a gator or a log in the water. the one ox throws a rock at it, no response. he tells the other ox it's not a gator. then the ox throws a stick at it, no response. the ox spashes water on it, nothing happens, so the ox jumps on top of it
The two animals continue to argue over what it is in the water, a log or an alligator. One pokes the 'object' and eventually climbs on top of it. 
The wildebeests pondered what the object in the water was. They threw stones at it and poked it with a stick.
There are two steers that are trying to decide whether an object in the lake is an alligator or a log. One steer thinks it's an alligator; one thinks it's a log. One steer splashes some water on the object, but nothing happens. Then that same steer goes out and stands on top of the object. 
There are two animals on an island, surrounded by water. In the water there is a thing that one of the animals believes to be a crocodile and the other believes to be a plank of wood. One of the animals decides to throw rocks at it as they believe it is a crocodile so assume it will react when irritated. They do this and get no response so then he jumps on it.
The film was about animals looking to try and cross a lake, but at the edge of the lake there is what looks like a crocodile, but one of the animals thinks its a log. The animal that thinks it's a crocodile touches it with a stick and splashes it with some water but it doesn't move. So he decides to jump on it instead, but again it doesn't move.
Two buffalo are at a watering hole and they see something in the water. One of them thinks it is a crocodile while the other thinks it's a log. The one that thinks it's a croc throws a rock at it, hits it with a stick, splashes water on it and even stands on it in an effort to show it's a croc. 
Two cows are standing next to the lake. They see a brown thing on the surface of the water. One of them thinks that it's a crocodile. The other one thinks that it's a branch of the tree. They try to poke that thing using a stick to see if it reacts to it(probably to confirm if it's a crocodile or not). 
The one gazelle bull decided to throw some type of mud or rock at the object in the water as they continued to go back and forth about what it was. Nothing happened after this so it seemed as though it was most likely a log to them. Then the same bull used a stick to poke at the object, and nothing happened once again. Finally, after discussing it slightly after the stick, the same bull decided to jump onto the object. This is right when you woke up.
Two wildebeests are on a river bank discussing whether or not an object is a log or a crocodile.  The one who thinks it is a log leaps onto it.  
There were two cows and they wanted to cross a body of water. They were worried about crocodiles and only saw a rock that they could cross on and threw a pebble in the water as one cow was trying to cross
2 wildebeast are arguing if an object in the water is a  log or a gator. One of them tries his luck by throwing a rock at the object, poking it with a stick, splashing it and eventually standing on top of it.
Two buffalo are standing at the side of a lake arguing about an object in the lake. One thinks it is a log, the other thinks it is an alligator. One buffalo throws a stone to prove it is an alligator. The other still thinks it is a log. So, the buffalo next uses a twig to poke the object. The other buffalo still thinks it is a log. The first buffalo then splashes the object a bit and jumps on top of it.
The 2 wilderbeast stood at the edge of the water , there was what looked like a log floating , but the other wilderbeast  kept grunting to say it was a crocodile , then the other thought it was a log. the wilderbest thinking it was a crocodile started splashing it and put a foot on it.
There are two bison at a watering hole, presumably there to get a drink. There is something brownish-green and bumpy sticking up out of the water. Bison #1 thinks the object is a crocodile and Bison #2 thinks it is a log. They argue back and forth as Bison #1 keeps poking at the thing, but it still does not move. Finally, Bison #1 hops onto the object in the water to see what it is.
two bulls are still on the hillside, one bull thinks it's an alligator and the other bull thinks it's a log. The bull who thinks it is an alligator takes a stick and pokes the object. while his mate still thinks it's a log. The bull who was poking the object decides to splash the object and seconds later jumps on the object. 
The first animal said no it's a crocodile and the second animal said no it's a wood. so the first animal threw a stone to convince the other animal that its a crocodile and then the second kept on refusing saying that its a wood and so the first animal said no its a crocodile and the other one said no its wood. So the first animal took a stick and poked it and saw it was not moved and then it jumped on it to prove to the other animal that it was a crocodile.
The cow (buffalo?) That thinks it's an alligator reiterates that he still thinks it's an alligator. He throws a rock, pokes it with a stick, and splashes it with water - nothing happens. Finally, he jumps on the thing in the water.
2 water buffaloes are stood at the edge of a lake. There is an object in the water. One buffalo thinks it is a crocodile, the other thinks it is a log. The buffalo that thinks it is a crocodile tries to get it to move by throwing a stone at it, poking it with a stick and splashing it with water. The object doesn't move. Neither buffalo has changed their mind about what the object is. The first buffalo goes to stand on the object
2 Wildebeast are wondering what's in the water. Is it a crocodile or a log. nOne of them prods it with a stick, then splashes it with water and concludes it's a log. Then stands on it to prove it to the other one.
2 water buffalo are testing an object to see if it's an alligator or a log
They are trying to wake up the alligator or see if it's a log. They threw a rock, poked it, splashed it and jumped on it. It has not moved.
The two wildebeest are still arguing whether or not the object in the water is either a crocodile or a log. One wildebeest throws a stone at the object, pokes it with a stick and then splashes it with water to see if it reacts. The same wildebeest then jumps onto the object.
There are 2 large Oxes standing by a body of water. They notice a long object floating in the water. One of the Oxes think it is a alligator while the other thinks it is a log. The two Oxes go back and forth on what they truly think it is. The Ox that thinks it is an alligator pokes the object with a stick and then jumps on it
There are two buffalo by the waterhole. They are arguing over whether what they see in the water is a crocodile or a log. They start to try to provoke it to see whether it is a crocodile or log and eventually jump on top of it to prove a point. 
Two wildebeasts on the bank ooking at something in the water. oned thinks its a crocodile, the other thinks its a tree. One throws a stone at the item, nothing happens. Then they poke it with a stick. Again nothing happens. Finally one of the wildebeast jumps onto the item in the water.
Two buffalows want to see if it is a log in the water or a aligator, they keep prodding it to see if it is a log or not
Both the two cows continued arguing whether it was a crocodile or a tree brunch. So the other cow took a stone and threw it in the water, again took a stick and hit the object in the water but it did not move. The one of the cows decided to jump into the water.
Two buffalo are continuing their argument over if an object in the water is a rock or a crocodile. One buffalo throws a rock at the object, then pokes the object with a stick, then jumps on the object to prove it is a crocodile.
There are 2 cows by a stream arguing over whether the object poking out of the water in front of them is a log or a crocodile. The one who thinks it is a crocodile is poking it and throwing stones at it to get a reaction.
the animal hits it with a rock and pokes with a stick eventually it jumps onto the object.
The two animals argued about whether it was a log or an alligator. the one that thought it was an alligator pointed at it and then got a stick and poked the object in the water. the object did not do anything and the animal that thought it was a log said it was a log again. then the animal that thought it was an alligator splashed the object and nothing happened, then jumped onto its back.
