A man was leaning on his car tapping his shoe on the floor. He opens a carton of milk and drinks form it.  He then see a girl walk by
The man dropped an empty bag from some candy. He then opened a carton of milk an leaned against a car while looking at people walking by
The man was tapping his foot and a wrapper fell to the floor. The camera panned up and he opened his carton of vitamin D milk, sniffed it then saw a lady across the road in a black skirt and red jumper. He leaned back against his car and drank from the carton 
A man dropped a candy wrapper on the floor. He then proceeds to open a carton of milk, looks inside to make sure it's not expired and then takes two sips. He also notices a pretty woman walking on the opposite side of the street.
The shoe continues tapping on the floor, and then some litter is dropped out. Then the scene shows a carton of milk being opened in the corner before another shot shows a man leaning against a car with the milk. A lady who seems to catch his eye walks down the street and then a second man approaches him
The image of the tapping foot starts to pan up the person's body. They drop a blue cookie wrapper on the ground next to them. The camera then cuts to someone opening a cardboard milk container. The young man sips from the open milk container, eyeing a young woman across the street. A man approaches our milk-drinking hero from behind.
A foot was tapping and some litter dropped beside it. Then a milk carton was opened and a smarmy looking man drank it. Then the unattractive man leaned against a car and looked at an attractive woman walking by. This all took place in what looked like a suburban residential neighborhood.
A sneaker trainer taps the ground. There is a whistling, percussive muscial accompaniment throughout. The shoe is seen to belong to a man who drops a crisp packet. The man then poroceeds to methodically open a milk carton, before looking in it, and drinking from it. The camera pans out to reveal the man in full, who is leaning against a car on the side of the street. The man notices a woman is walking on the opposite pavement.
A man is enjoying his carton of milk and he starts showing off when he sees a woman. They start to mimic each others movements.
We still see the trainer tapping on the ground before some detritus falls next to it (perhaps an ice cream wrapper). Then we see a close up of a milk carton (red white) being opened and then we see the face of the man who opened it and he takes a swig of the milk. He is leaning on a car in a suburban street and notices another man walking on the other side of the road and another man walks in front of the car he is leaning on. He has perhaps come from one of the houses set back a little. The music is a whistling style sound with a light drum beat
The movie starts with a shoe on the sidewalk. The shoes starts to move. Then the shoe begins tapping to the song in the background. Someone drops a food wrapper. Then they open up a small carton of milk. A guy begins drinking the milk as a woman in a skirt walks by. Another man can also be seen nearby.
He opened a carton of milk and took a few sips. He leaned back against the car and watched a girl walk by on the sidewalk. Then bald man with a mustache approached. 
The foot continues to tap, and then there's a shot of a chocolate wrapper being dropped on the floor. Then, someone opens a carton of milk by squishing the carton. We then get to see the man the shoe, the wrapper and the milk belong to. He has dark hair and is wearing light coloured clothes. He examines the contents of the carton, then proceeds to drink the milk. As he does this, he stares at a lady in a skirt who is walking past.
a guy standing in a street watching someone walking down the street
The camera, previously focussed on a shoe, pans up to a carton of milk the show wearer is opening and then drinking from. This person is leaning against a car in a suburban environment watching the people go about their business. A man walks towards the car
A man opens a carton of milk, dropping litter on the ground. He takes a big gulp of the milk and leans back against a car.  A young lady is walking on the pavement across the road. He watches her and then he is approached by a man.
so the man was taping his shoes and then he dropped a chips ahoy cookie paper on the floor then he opened a carton of milk and he looked inside to see if it was more in there and statrted drinking out of it then here comes a lady walkiing down the street he looked at her while leaning on the car then a mad came out walking 
The main character was drinking vitamin D whole milk while they spotted a cute girl walking down the street.
A bent leg lay on concrete.Slowly, it rose and began to tap to the beat of some ambient music. An empty wrapper fell to the ground, as the camera refocuses to a milk bottle. Slowly, the milk bottle was opened and the camera moved again to a man licking his lips. He then looked at the milk bottle briefly and then started to drink it. The camera shifts to a woman walking down a street, while the same man poses on his car. She gives him a somewhat judging look as she walks by. Another man is seen walking on the opposite pavement.   
the main character opens a carton of milk and then notices a walking woman
The shoe is shown showing its bottom treads then jazzy music begins and the shoe starts tapping. A candy wrapper is dropped at the shoe and then a milk carton is opened. A man leaning on a car drinks the milk while watching a young woman and a man come into sight.
a man leaning against a red car in a beige jacket taps his trainer shoe to the music. He drops a sweet wrapper on the ground. He opens and drinks from a carton of milk while watching a woman walk past on the other side of the street.
 A guy is standing next to his car waiting to pick up his friend.  probably to go somewhere as it appears to be morning as the guy is drinking some milk while tapping his worn sneaker on the ground and watching a pretty girl walk buy.
The shoe continues to tap on the ground. A candy bar wrapper lands next to it. The camera pans up and we find a man opening a small carton of milk and drinking it. He's leaning on a car and notices a woman walking on the other side of the street.
The shoe was still tapping. The camera then headed up to show a gentleman who had a carton of milk in his hand. He opened the carton of milk and started drinking it. A lady came out of the house opposite the road where he was standing who seemed to attract his attention. His friend then appeared from a house behind him and began to walk towards him.
It pans out from the shoe to show the man who is wearing it. He's leaning against his car and starts to drink milk from a carton. He looks over and sees a lady.
A man is tapping his foot while wearing tennis shoes with music playing in the background. The camera pans out and you see him drop a wrapper on the ground. You then see him open a small carton of milk and begin to drink it. He is standing outside up against a car. A lady walks past and the man looks at her. An older man then approaches the man. 
There is a close up of shoes tapping and a small bit of rubbish drops down beside them. Then there is a close up of the top of a cardboard milk carton being opened. The camera pans out to show the face of a man who looks into the carton before taking a sip. Then it zooms out further and a girl walks past - he leans back on his car and watches her.
The training shoe goes up and down a few times , just then a chocolate drops to the floor. The camera then scans up to a young man opening a carton of milk, he smells it , then starts to drink it, just then a young lady comes walking past he leans back and admires the girl leaning on his car, a man approaches from the house. 
the guy is hanging out drinking milk by his car, another guy is walking over
