The man and woman continue to play and mimick eachother from across the street. The woman then stops and puts her hands to her face in a shocked expression. The man continues to play along and accidently walks out infront of a car that collides with him. The car then goes out of control and is launched into the air. A single shoe is then seen flying through the air and eventually lands next to a sidewalk.
The man and woman continued imitating each others actions from across the street. The man reaches a junction and does not stop on the pavement or look round to look for oncoming traffic, he just continues to look at the woman. She motions to him to stop but he thinks it is part of the game and mimics her 'stop' actions and walks out infront of a car and gets run over. The car spectacularly goes flying into the air in a serious crash. The man gets hit so hard his shoe falls off and flies through the air. The woman looks dismayed and we do not know what happened to the man. 
The man continued to copy the woman as they approached a junction. The woman tries to alert the man by waving her hands to stop but he just copies her hand movement and walks out into the traffic. A car comes by and scoops him up onto the bonnet, smashing the windscreen. The woman looks horrified on the other side of the street. The car then goes up a ramp and flies into the air, spinning as it's flying. The woman is watching in horror still. The car crashes and a shoe flies through the air and lands in the road near to a pavement.
A man and woman are walking along on opposite sides of the street. They are looking at each other and are playfully hunched over and dancing in unison. As the man goes to cross a side street he fails to notice a car approaching him from behind. The woman tries to warn him but the man pays no attention. The car hits the man, throwing him onto the windshield. The woman reacts in shock and horror. The car flies through the air, before we see the man's shoe fall to the ground.
They woman continues to imitate him then sees a car coming towards him that he can't see so she looks shocked. The man still thinks they are playing so pretends to look shocked. The car hits the man sending his shoe up in the air, it lands on the floor the last image is of the shoe like in the first image.
He starts to copy her. Unfortunately she sees a car coming behind him and tries to warn him by waving her hands. He thinks it's still part of the game and copies her, does not see the car and gets knocked over. The car flies through the air and we see a shot of a lone shoe, also flying and then landing alone on the pavement.
Man continues imitating girl onto road, she tries to warn him, but he gets hit by a car. The car goes fllying off a ramp and crashes, while the man's shoe flies through the air and lands.
man drinking some milk leaning against a car sees an atractive woman on other side of street gets her attention and they start mimicing each other. he is looking at the woman approaching crossing and does not see the approaching car, gets hit by it and the scene ends with the camera panning to one of his trainers which lands on the pavement
The man and the woman continue to walk along the street, one at each side. They copy each other's mannerisms and style, but the man does not notice an approaching car behind him. The worman waves but instead of perceiving this as a warning, he waves back. The car hits him and flies through the air. The man's shoe comes off and flies up and lands on the pavement, exactly in the position where the film began.
The guy who was drinking the milk continued to copy the lady actions on the other side of the road and she also did the same. She then notices he's about to walk in front of a car. She try's to motion for him to stop but he still thinks they are playing the game so continues to copy her. He walks on front of the car and gets ran over. His shoe does a flip and lands next to the lady
The man dancing with the woman, who was on the other side of the road, wasn't looking where he was going and walked into a car. The car then hit something and went flying into the air.
The guy and the girl carried on imitating each other across the road, but the guy approached a crossing and didn't see a car was coming. The girl dressed like Olive Oyl from Popeye tried to warn him but he didn't understand and he got swept up over the car and the car flipped into the air and it was a massive crash.
the man wearing the shoe, looks at the woman across the street while crossing the road and is not looking where he is going, as a result gets knocked over by an oncoming car, and sends the man, the car and the shoe flying in the air.
The woman in the red jumper and dark skirt across the road form the man in the cream jacket continues to be silly and perform a mime with the man. She pretends her head and back are hurting and continues to walk hunched over. The man smiles and copies her action, continuing the imitation. The woman then notices a speeding brown car behind the gentleman as he reaches a junction at the end of the pavement. The woman realises the car won't stop in time and tries to get the man attention to warn him the car is approaching. She puts her hands over her mouth and to her head and looks frightened, but the man still thinks this is part of the joke and copies her actions and continues to walk into the path of the vehicle. The man steps off the pavement as is struck by the speeding car, the car flies into the air and crashes. We then see the black shoe from the beginning of the video fly into the air and land at the feet of the woman.
the girl carried on doing gestures and she arrived at the crossing point, so did he but he kept on walking. She could see a car heading right for him and she tried to get him to stop but he thought it was still part of the game. the car struck him and he hit the windscreen, the car overturned. you see her focus on one of the man's shoes as it comes sailing through the air to land on the road
The man and woman were still walking on opposite sides of the street and dancing and being silly. When they came to the curb, the woman saw a car driving quickly and tried to warn the guy, but he thought they were still playing. Then, the car hits the guy, who flies over the car. Then, the car skids off the side of a parked car, flies through the air and lands upsides down. The woman watches the whole thing happen.
The girl on the other side of the road acts as if she is injured, holding her stomach. The man copies her. She sees a car approaching as the man os about to step out into the road. She gestures with her hands to warn him, but he thinks she's still playing the copying game, so he does the same hand action, only to be knocked over by the car  He hits the windscreen and it smashes. The car turns over in the air. We see the firl look up into the air as the man's trainer falls from the sky.
Christ ! The man was dancing along, happy as larry. Enjoying the world's joys, and trying to impress the young lady. Didn't look where he was going and got hit by a car, which then did a huge somersault to the lay's dismay. The shoe then span and hit the ground, perfectly intact. 
The man and woman continue dancing on opposite sides of the street but the man is so focused on the woman he does not see an oncoming car headed straight for him. The woman tries to warn the man but it is too late. The car hits the man and then the car goes flying through the air and lands. at the end the mans shoe goes flying through the air towards where the lady is. 
The man and woman continue to mirror each other as they walk along the road. They come to a crossing, the lady realises that the man is about to get hit by a car. She waves frantically in an effort to get the man's attention, but he just waves back believing that the her actions are all part of the mirroring. He gets hit by the car, the car ends up rolling over. The mans shoes fly's off during the incident and lands near the lady
The man continues to walk alongside the woman copying every things she does. She bends down and so does he but upon coming back up the woman has a horrified look on her face and stops but the man does not stop. He instead continues walking and gets hit by the car which flips up into the air and then crashes back down after flipping. The woman runs into the road and picks up the man's shoe but he is no where to be seen.
they continue to walk opposite sides, kind od dancing, the woman warns the man a car is coming but he thinks shes dancing, a car kockes him over and flys through the air, the mans shoe comes off and ends up opturned against ther curb
The guy and the girl are still copying each other and the girl suddenly realises the guy is walking into the road with a car approaching him, she miwaves to stop, he simply copies her back and she looks on in horror as he is hit by the car, rolls onto the bonnet of the car and then the car crashes into another car, flips over windshield falling off, you see the car tumbling over and crash landing, the next thing you see is the guy's shoe flying through the air towards the girl and landing on the pavement
A young man and young woman are walking on opposite sides of the street, imitating each other's actions and movements. They are having fun, enjoying it.nnBut the man gets to an intersection and while the woman stops the game on her end, he keeps going. On on-coming car is heading right for him. The car honks but it's too late. The car hits the man sending him airborne. The car also goes airborne and crashes.nnWe then see the man's shoe, which was how the video opened, flying in the air and landing back on the road.
The woman in the man continued a walk in a playful manner. And gazes at the woman affectionately and justice towards her, but then unexpectedly gets struck by a car, shattering the windshield. Woman is startled and covers her mouth in shock, averting her gaze. As he accident unfolds with the car going airborne, the man she was sent flying into the air before landing on the pavement.
The video starts with an up close of a shoe tapping to the beat of a trombone.  The video moves up to show a man wearing the shoe, standing on a street.  He has a carton of milk which he opens, looks inside, and then takes a drink.  He notices a woman walking on the sidewalk, then the video shows a wider shot, and you see that the man is leaned up against a car.  The owner of the car comes out, and motions for the man to get off his car.  The man then starts walking down the sidewalk, still on the opposite side of the street from the woman.  They continue walking, glancing at each other, and the man starts making motions, which the woman mimicks.  Things like waving their hands, walking with their arms swinging, etc.  They end up at an intersection, and the man has no idea, because he has continuously been looking at the woman.  The woman sees the intersection, and a car coming towards it.  She motions for the man to stop, but he thinks she is just making a motion for him to mimick and does not stop.  He steps out into the intersection as the car arrives, and the car hits him.  He flies up onto the hood and smashes into the windshield.  The car then hits something, as he is swerving, and ends up wrecking. It is the man and car from the beginning of the video. The man flies through the air, and the video ends with his shoe flying in the air, and landing on the street, as the video again focuses on the shoe and the video ends. 
the main character was hit by a car after being distracted by a girl who was copying him
The man and the woman continue to imitate one another from across the street. However, the man does not seem to realize hes walking into traffic; an oncoming car. The woman tries to warn him, but he think shes being cute. he doesnt watch where he is going and gets hit by the far, the car hits him, he bounces off the windshield on the right side and the car ramps off another car, flying into the air and crashing wheels down. The mans shoe is seen flying through the air and it lands , no man in it next to the curb by the street.
The man and woman were walking down a road on opposite sides. They were imitating each others movements. As they come to the corner of the street, the woman notices that there is a car coming from behind the man. The man does not see the car as it is behind him. The woman waves to the man and tries to warn him about the car. The man does not seem to notice the warnings and continues walking out into the road. The man is then hit by the car and falls to the ground. The car continues forward, hitting a ramp and flying into the air before crashing. We then see the mans shoe flying through the air until it hits the ground.
The man and woman continued to walk down the pavement on either side of the road in a happy and dancey way. Unfortunately as the man came to a road crossing he was looking at the woman, walked into the road and was knocked down by a car. His trainer came off and landed in the road.
