THE TWO CARRACTORS CONTINUED MAKING FUNNY MOVEMENTS UNTIL A CAR APPEARED THEN THE LADY TRIED TO TELL THE MAN THAT A CAR WAS COMING BUT THE GUY DIDN'T REALIZE IN TIME HE WENT STRAIGHT INTO THE ROAD AND A CAR HIT HIM 
a man walking along the street across from a young woman. he is mimicking how she is walking. as he comes to a road junction he continues to copy the girld without realising that a car is coming. the car hits him, throwing him onto the windscreen and it then flies into the air. 
The two people of either side of the road were mimmicking each other and having fun. As they got towards the end of the road, where it meets another road, the man was playing and the woman could see that a car was coming for him. She signalled but he thought she was still playing, so he walked into the road and got run over by the car. The car went flying too.
A man was eyeing a cute gal on the other side of the street. His attention towards her was noticed and she increasing started to mock the strange and sill gestures that he was making. It was like she liked him and he certainly liked and wanted to meet her. But soon the lady's horror things escalated out of hand. He was so intent at looking at her he walked in front of a car, getting hit and maybe even killed as the car hurtled over a parked semi and flipped in the air.
The man and woman, still across the street from each other, continued dancing as they both walked on their side of the street. They got to an intersection and the man, too focused on the woman, was unaware of the part of the part of the street he was at. He was unaware of a car which was driving through the intersection and got ran over. The woman tried to warn him, but he thought it was part of her dancing and instead imitated her actions.
The man started to mimic the lady who was doing funny walks. He wasn't paying attanetion and a car was coming and the lady started trying to warn him but he thought it was part of the game and was mimicing her warnings. He then got hit by the car and the car was in a huge crash. 
The scene started out with a close up of a sneaker type shoe on its side. Then it was up right on the foot of someone & the foot started tapping. Then there was a man about in his 30s who littered a snack wrapper, leaning against a car, and then he opened a container of milk and started drinking. Then the owner of the car came our and shooed him away. The man in his 30s started walking and noticed a woman across the street looking at him. He put the milk container on top of a fence and she did the same. Then, she kept doing whatever moves he was doing. There was also some music playing in the background. They kept mimicking each other. He wasn't paying attention and got hit by a car. The car flew up into the air like in an action movie. The woman gasped in horror.
The man began to mimic the woman's actions, and they were both enjoying it. That is until, the man started crossing the street without looking. The woman tried to tell him to stop but the man failed to and got hit by a car. The car then got propped up with a high velocity.
The boy and girl continue to mimic each other down the road and when the man follows what the girl is doing he walks into the road not seeing the car coming. The girl tries to warn him but he thinks she is still playing so he gets hit by the car and causes a major accident
The scenario changes from the woman copying the man to the man copying the woman. She gives him a number of things to copy, mostly while still walking along. The last is her touching her face in a worried way, which he copies. She sees that he is about to walk out in front of a car and waves her hands to try and alert him but he thinks it is just another thing for him to copy and walks in front of the car and onto the bonnet, breaking the windscreen. The car catches fire and soars into the air for a long time
There was a man and a woman on different sides of the street. The woman was mimicking what the man was doing and then the man started to mimic her. As he approached an intersection, she realised that there was danger ahead in the shape of an approaching car. She started waving her hands to warn him but he though that she was still playing the game so didn't notice the car. The car hits him and then ends up going out of control.
They both seemed to be doing funny dances across the road from each other - it looked like they were having fun.  They both approached the end of the road dancing along happily, not a care in the world. The man was not paying attention when he got to the end of his road, he danced along the street not realizing that a car was driving at high speed along the road , the lady looked really scared and did not have enough time to notify him. The car ran into him and then hit another car. It was really bad 
The guy and girl are stil walking along coping each other.  The girl sees a car coming as the guy is crossing the road and not watching to see where he is going and tries to get him to stop walking.  He does not, a car hits him. He land on the windshield and the car goes flying into the air.
They guy in the white coat continues the silly mirroring game with the waman, but he's watching her and not where he's going.  She see's that and that he hasn't noticed the entrance road on his left and the white car coming towards him. She uses signs to show alarm and try to stop him, but he still thinks it's part of the game and keeps going. She holds up her hands in a stop sign and he does too. She puts her hands over here mouth in alarm, and he does too. But he keeps walking right out into the road and he's hit by the car. He rolls up onto the bonnet, and then we see a view of the windscreen breaking as his head hits it. The scene pans back to the woman as she watches in horror. Then it shows the car not stopping, and continuing out into the road. A brownish car hits it at speed on the side, and flies up and over it, turning in midair and crashing down onto it's roof.
The 2 protagonists were duplicating each other movements as they continued walking down opposite sides of the street.  As they got close to the end of the street, the female was trying to alert the male that he should watch out for a car before stepping into the street.  The male thought he was mimicking the females movements and continued to walk into the street.  There, he was hit by a car.  The car continued down the street, hit another object and flipped over.  
The man and the woman are walking on the sidewalks on opposite sides of the street. They are flirting with each other using gestures. First they both start walking funny. Then they start miming with hand gestures. The woman gestures to her mouth as if she isn't speaking. The man responds, but he is distracted as he encounters a cross street. There is a car coming pretty fast. The woman gestures with both hands for him to stop, but he misinterprets the gesture as another part of their game. He steps out into the street while still focused on the woman, and the car hits him. He is thrown onto the windshield. The car hits a parked vehicle and flies up over it in a shower of sparks. The woman is horrified. 
the man and the girl continue to mirror each others actions, watching each other and not where they are going, he walks in front of a car, which hits him , the car flies across the road and turns over
The man and woman are walking down separate sides of the street.  While they walk they are both dancing in a silly way.  The woman reaches a street corner first and stops to continue watching the man.  The man keeps walking and dancing as he reaches the end of the sidewalk.  He then begins to walk into the street without looking for cars.  He walks in front of a car that hits him.  The car flips, as the woman watches in horror.
man and women walking on opposite side of rd coping each others movements when she stops and he carrys on and walked onto main rd.then he gets knocked over by a car and the car flips over.
the man and woman continued walking on opposite sides of the road. the woman started making funny actions that the man copied whilst walking. She then gasps and tries to get his attention as a car is coming up fast and will hit him unless he stops. He does not stop and steps out in front of car which runs him over
The man and the woman carry on walking along and copying each other's movements and being silly. Their movements and actions become increasingly over the top and comical, and both of them are laughing and enjoying themselves. As the man nears a busy road, he is too busy looking across at the woman to notice a car heading towards him as he crosses the road. The woman sees the  car and frantically gestures to him, but he thinks she is playing the game and laughs and copies here. The car then hits him and he crashes off the windscreen, the car then turns over in the street and appears to be on the point of exploding.
The man and women carry on walking down the road on opposite sides immatating each others actions. Because they are so engrossed in what they are doing, the man walks out in the road and into oncoming traffic. He's hit by a car to the shock and dismay if the women. The car flies up and over another car, causing a massive crash
A man is walking down one side of the road while awoman walks down the other side they are flirting by copying each others movements but the man is not paying attention to ehere he is going and walks into the road and gets hit by a car which then crashes .
The woman starts doing silly dances actions and the man starts copying her. Suddenly she waves at him, she looks worried. He waves back thinking they're still playing their copying game. She waves again, more worried. The man walks into the road and is hit by a car, which crashes dramatically.
The man and woman kept copying each other doing silly things and walks, but the man didn't notice he was crossing a road in front of a car. The car hit him straight on and smashed the windshield, then the car hit a ramp and flew up into the air.
The man keeps dancing in the street and the woman copies him. She then starts to make up her own moves and he copies her. The man is about to walk out onto the street but he is too occupied with copying the woman that he doesn't notice a car coming. The woman looks in horror and starts waving at the man. He waves back thinking its all part of their game. He steps out onto the street and is hit by the car. The wind of the car smashes and the car crashes into another car and over turns.
The man waves his arms back and forth, imitating the woman across the street.  She then changes her gesture and the man copies her.  She then starts waving her arms due to a car speeding towards him, but he thinks it's just part of the game.  He doesn't look where he's going as the speeding car runs into him and then crashes spectacularly.
A man and a woman walking on different sides of the street are copying each others motions. Unfortunately the man is watching the girl so closely he walks out in front of a moving car as he doesn't realise that the girls actions mean he should stop. He is hit by a car and the windshield breaks. The car swerves and hits another vehicle and overturns.
A man and a woman are walking on opposite sides of the street. They appear to be strangers and are fooling around copying each others actions. The man is so absorbed in this he does not notice when he is approaching a road with a car. The woman tries to warn him but he just copies her actions and keeps walking. He walks into the road without looking and is hit by the oncoming car.
The guy continued to dance and the woman across the street continued to mimic him. They continue this behavior and as they come to a corner there is a speeding car approaching the man. The woman then tries to warn him but he thinks she is still playing the game. The man ends up walking into the street and gets hit by the car. The car then crashes and the woman is in a panic. 
