The oncoming car hits the man.  The man flies into the air and the car goes up a tow truck ramp before crashing down hard.  The man's shoe flies into the air and lands on the pavement.  The camera zooms forward and there is another shoe there too.
The man walked into the path of an oncoming car and is hit by the car.  He crashes into the windscreen, which shatters.  The car hits another car and flies through the air in an explosion.  The girl sees a trainer flying through the air towards her and it lands in the same position as we saw it at the start of the film.  There is another black shoe in an identical position a few feet away.
The man is hit by the car, his body crashing into the windshield and smashing it before he it thrown clear. The camera pans to the girl who squeals in horror and covers her face with her hands. The car swerves into other parked cars and is thrown into the air where it flips and lands on it's roof, sending sparks flying. the camera pans into the sky and we see one of the mans trainers flying through the air in front of telegraph poles. It lands in the gutter and when the camera moves along it shows another shoe already lying there.
The car crashed into guy who then went into windscreen. The guy in car could not see and crashed with car flying up into the air and all that remains is seeing one shoe and then a bit further along road another shoe
The guy walking along was still mimicking the girl opposite,not realising that she was trying to stop him walking in front of a car. He was hit by the car, and rolled off unseen.The car flipped up in the air, and at the end we see his shoes loose in the road.
They missed a lot.  The man keeps drinking the milk, and then we see that he is leaning on someones car, and the owner tells him to get off the car.  He starts walking and sees a pretty girl across the street.  She starts to mimick things he does as he walks, and he puts the milk on a fence, and the guy starts to mimick her actions back.  About half a dozen back and forth.  He keeps going, and the woman notices he is about to step out in front of car that he does not see, but he is so into it.  She tries to get his attention, but its too late.  The car hits him, he rolls up to the windscreen.  The driver loses control and hits an object, sending the car into the air and crashing into other things, and then we see a shot of a shoe, the guys shoes.  Its now flying through the air, unattached to the owners shoe.  It lands on the street curb, and then the camera moves forward to show another single shoe that we have not previously seen.
the woman tried to signal to the man that there was a car coming but the man just kept copying the woman's actions. The car hit the man and sent him flying. The car was launched into the air and did a spin in the air. The man's shoe landed a few feet from another person's shoe. 
The man was not paying attention when crossing the pedestrian walkway. A car slams into the man and he is sent flying in the air. The woman across the street covers her mouth in shock. The car hits a parked car and is catapulted into the air. One shoe has fallen off the man and thrown across the street. The shoe lands next to the sidewalk a few feet from another shoe.
The guy was hit by a car. He was hit so hard that his shoe flew off into the position it started at in the beginning of the movie.
The man that was walking and dancing with the lady, in a red blouse and black dress, did not see the car coming as he crossed the street while looking at the lady. The lady tried to signal a warning to him but it was to late and the car hit the man. He went flying off the windscreen and the car lost control and flipped over in the air and came crashing down. We then saw the man's shoe in the air and come crashing to the floor as well and then the camera panned over to another shoe that seemed a little squashed.
The guy did get run over. He hit the windscreen. Then the car hit something and flew up in the air. I'm not sure where the guy went but his shoe dropped out of the air and landed by the kerb. Then you woke up.
The dancing man was hit by a car. The car goes airborne as does the man's shoe, which lands near the dancing woman. Things don't look good for the man as we just see a shocked face on the woman.
The man got hit by the car causing him to go flying and the car to ramp over another car and completely crash. The man's shoe flew off and over on to a sidewalk where the camera panned to a different shoe, almost suggesting this happened before.
The man was hit by a car as he was gesturing to a woman. You could see a shoe flying in the air and it landed on the ground. You could then see another mangled shoe on the pavement. 
the car hits the man and the man smashes into the front window of the car. he goes flying in the air.  the lady in the red shirt is watching and she looks shocked, she covers her mouth with her hands as she is watching. the mans show fly's off his food and lands on the road near a curb, just a few feet from the mans running show is a black boot
As the woman continues to walk a car crashes into another parked car- upturning the first car into the air. The car lands and a shoe from it falls from the sky onto the side of the road. Next we see another shoe a bit further down the road from the shoe that landed from the sky.
A guy was mimicking a woman across the road from him, then she gestures to stop, but he just mimics her gesture and starts to cross a road and gets smashed by a car, his shoe flies off and lands in the gutter.
a man gets hit by a car which scares the woman on the other side of the street. the car goes flying through the air and the mans shoe comes off and flies into the gutter.
Oh mine! The vehicle that he was leaning on earlier sipping his milk, hit him hard! The vehicle went to the air and landed on the ground with only broken glass. I think the vehicle has a hard body and scattered the handsome guy's wellbeing. In the end, only his SHOE landed on the ground which could be seen with a different SHOE. Who does the other SHOE belong to? Let's see!
The man slams into the car windscreen and is thrown over the bonnet into the street. Then the car flies into the air and crashes further down the road. The woman who has been watching puts her hand over her face in shock. She then sees the man's shoe come flying through the air and it lands in the road. We then pan further down the road to see another shoe, a black one, lying in the gutter. 
The man walks into the street and gets hit by the car causing the car to flip over. He is thrown through the air and has his show knocked off. It lands and close by there is another different looking shoe laying there too.
The man hits the windshield of another car, shattering it. The car flies up in the air. A woman, who the man was previously engages with, watches shocked with her hands to her mouth. We then see the man's shoe flying in the air by itself an it lands on its side, the way it appeared in the first scene. The camera pans ahead and shows another shoe standing up.
the main character got hit by a car.  it caused the car to flip and wreck.  the main characters shoe went flying off and landed beside another shoe
a man crashes into a red car. the car flies across the street. the woman shows a shocked expression on her face. the mans shoes lands on the road right next to her. nearby is another shoe, suggesting this has happened before
The man got ran over and the car flew into a wreck. The woman was shocked as she saw the man's shoes in the air after the crash.
The man got hit by the car. The car went on to crash into another car. The man meanwhile was thrown into the air and both his shoes flew of and landed near the kerb. just like when the video started, the shoes where shown but this time obviously not being worn by a person.
The guy was bumped by a car and the car was in the air and landed so badly on the ground while a lady wearing a black skirt and red top was shocked at the accident that just happened. She placed her hands on her mouth in shock and she saw a guy's shoe in the air dropping down and there was another laying on the ground a few feet away from the one that landed on the ground.
the man got hit by a car and his shoe went flying
The man gets hit by a car and flies into the air. The woman watches in horror as he gets hit. We then see the shoe he was wearing fall down from the sky and land on the ground. 
The man is hit by a car. The car goes airborne and lands violently. His shoe flies off and lands near a curb. The camera pans to a second black shoe.
