the man and woman continue walking down the street and then start making gestures and imitating each others gestures. However, as the woman reaches a crossroads she realises the man is distracted by her and is going to walk into the road where there is a car approaching him. She looks startled but the man thinks this is just a new gesture for him to imitate and he walks into the road in front of the oncoming car.
after leaving his carton of milk as he is staring at the girl over the road who is dancing like he is he starts to copy her and is happy that she looks back at him from across the road, because he is smiling and pulling daft faces to her as well as dancing she starts moving in different ways and leans forward whilst striding on the pavement and keeps looking over to him which in turn he is copying her and this goes on for a short while but he is coming to a junction and a car is driving down the road but he cannot see the car as he is still acting daft and funny, she then sees the car and stands up and gasps as she knows he is going to walk in the path of the car which he does and possible it hits him
The man notices that the woman walking on the opposite side of the street has started to mimic his actions. He then begins to deliberately do actions such as a funny walk to see if she will copy him, and she does. They both start smiling. As the man is coming to a junction in the road the woman notices a speeding car come from the other side and starts to try to signal the man to warn him to stop, but he takes this as part of their copying game and continues walking into the road. 
A man is following a woman that is wearing a red jumper on the opposite side of the street. They both start doing funny walks and moves and each take it in turns to copy one another. The man is coming up to the end of his road where he will need to walk across a road. There is a speeding car that is swerving down that road that the man is about to cross. The woman in the red jumper sees the speeding car and tries to stop the man from walking across the road by doing different hand signals, however the man still thinks they are playing their fun game of copying each other so he doesn't take any notice of the speeding car. The man walks into the road and it just about to be hit by the speeding car.
The man is looking at the girl in the red. They are both dancing in rhythm and looking at each other. As the man gets to the road, the girl in red starts to look shocked as the man is about to be hit by a car.
As the man and woman kept  walking on different sides of the road, making  funny moves, the man forgot to check the road , continued making funny gestures and was hit by a car.
A young man is drinking out of a milk carton while leaning up against a car. He sees a young woman on the other side of the street. An older man yells at the young man to get off his car and he starts to walk n the street with the woman on the other side walking in the same direction. She begins to mick everything he does, such as reach for the fence he put the mil carton on and they start to do funny gestures to make each other smile. Suddenly the man doesn't look where he is going and he tried to mimmick something she does but she stops and seems to be very scared trying to get him to stop. It seems to be too late, he walks right in front of a car n the street.
The man continues to walk down the street, with the woman on the other side of the road mimicking his actions. When he puts up his milk onto the side, the woman pretends to do the same thing. The man clocks on that the woman is copying him and therefore decides to start being silly and more expressive with his actions. They begin to get close to the end of the street but the man doesn't realise he's walking out into a car that is getting closer. The woman tries to warn him but he is focused on her and not looking behind (where the car is fast approaching from).
The woman imitates the man, first she raised her arm to place an invisible milk carton, just like what the man did. Then the man swayed his arms from left to right in a playful way, and the woman did the same. Then both of them bent forward as if to walk like an old person. The man wasn't watching the road, and he kept on walking forward, eventually getting hit by a car.
The woman keeps copying everything the man does. She pretends to put the empty carton on the fence. The man then copies everything she does. He crouches down and pretends his back is sore. He then starts to walk into oncoming traffic and the woman tries to warn him. She tells him to stop but he thinks she is playing and copies her again. Eventually he steps right in front of a car and she looks on in horror as he is about to be hit by the car.
A man and a woman are walking down opposite sides of the street, they are walking in the same direction. She begins to mock everything that he is doing. Soon they are mocking each other. They are doing silly moves just so that they can mock each other doing silly moves. She soon begins to wave frantically at him trying to get his attention, he mocks her back. The man that is walking down the sidewalk is nearing the road. In the distance you can see a car coming. She is trying to get his attention by waving at him to not step out in front of the car. He does not pay attention and almost gets hit by the car.
The man noticed that the woman on the other side of the road was copying his movements. Then she took over and he started to copy her movements, and they were laughing with each other. The woman noticed the man was approaching a road, and a car was coming, that he didn't see. She was frantically trying to get his attention, but he thought this was part of the fun and continued to copy her movements while approaching the road blindly.
The girl continues to mimic that man. This turns into a game as they continue to walk on either side of the street. All is well until that man turns begins to walk across a junction, at which a car is approaching. This girl tries to warn him, but the man just mimics her actions. That is, until the car runs into him.
The woman in red and the man on the other street keep walking down the street staring at each other and copying each others moves. They swing their arms to the side and place their hands on their head as they walk. The woman stops at the crosswalk but the man keeps walking not noticing a vehicle approaching at full speed.
The man and the woman are walking down the street on opposite sides. He wants to impress her so starts messing around doing a funny walk . She thinks it's funny and copies him . Hes so engrossed in this that he doesn't see a car coming
the guy and the girl was walking by following each other, suddenly the guy got an accident
The creepy milk guy is walking down the straight creeping on a woman and she starts to dance back with him. He walks in front a car 
The guy and the girl continue to walk down the street copying each others actions.  Then the guy approached a road and he continues looking at the girl as she tries to stop him but he mistakes her movements to watch out as things he should copy.  The scene ends with what looks like him about to be hit by the car.
The idiot kid who littered kept walking along the opposite side of the road as the hot chick in red. He tripped and it seems like the lady noticed and mocked him, but in a playful way. He loses the carton of milk on a fence post and keeps walking to keep up with the lady in red, but still on opposite sides of the street from each other. They continue and build on the goofy mockery game and they take turns doing silly gestures as they keep walking. Each one attempting to sort of build on and mock the gesture from the other. Eventually they come to an intersection and the lady stops at the edge of the sidewalk. The idiot kid keeps walking, distracted with his current mocking gesture, and continues to proceed past the edge of the sidewalk. The lady attempts to get his attention, but he views these alarming gestures as her way of upping his current mocking gesture. He is now midway in the street and about to get hit by an incoming vehicle. 
The man and woman are on opposites sides of the street and are playing a game where the man is mimicking the woman. It's great fun but the man isn't paying attention and walks onto the road where a car is about to hit him.
A guy was trying to impress a girl from across the road and the girl caught the vibe and started mimicking his movement as they walked, the guy got a little distracted at enter the main road while the girl was trying to warn him about it.
the man was walking along one side of the street and the woman on the other, they were mirroring each other's movements, first she was copying him, then he was copying her. he got to the edge of hte pavement and walked into the path of a car, she tried to warn him but he thought it was all part of the game
The woman reaches up to mimic the man's gesture in putting the milk carton on top of the post. The man begins to walk in an exaggerated fashion, which the woman also mimics. The woman walks behind a cable box and emerges with her hand on her head like a chicken, which the man now mimics. Both people are now mimicking each other. The woman notices that a car is driving towards the man's path so she attempts to warn him by gesturing for him to watch out. The man thinks that she is still joking around so he does not heed the warning and walks into the path of the car.
The woman mimes putting the milk on top of the wall. She then continues to copy his actions, they are both smiling. She goes behind a box and when she comes out she is doing a funny action which the man copies. He then begins to copy her as they both continue walking down the street looking at each other across the road. He approaches a crossing but isnt looking, she can see a car coming behind him and begins waving frantically trying to alert him to the car but he thinks its part of the game and copies her whilst walking out into the road.
guy keeps watching over at the girl acrossed the street and he starts to mimic her gestures with his body as she was to him while still walking on the side walk and across the street from each other still. guy keeps walking when there was a car coming at him and the girl before hand tried to have him to stop with her hand gestures to stop but he kept on going and he basically gets hit by the car since he wasn't paying attention in front of him or behind him
The man and woman walk along opposite sides of the road looking at each other and doing funny hand gestures and dance moves. As they reach the end of the street the man isn't paying attention and walks into oncoming traffic. The woman is trying to warn him but he doesn't realize. He is about to get hit by a car
The man continues to walk on the pavement and the woman continues to copy him. If he makes a funny gesture then she makes a funny gesture and they copy each other and smile at each other. She decides to make a face whilst looking at him and walking and and he does the same but she stops before the end of the pavement however he continues to look at her and doesn't notice that he's walking into traffic. A car comes and is about to hit him as the video cuts.
A man and woman are walking down the sidewalk on opposite sides of the street mimicking each other's movements.  The man, distracted, crosses the street at an intersection and gets hit by a car. 
the girl on one side of the road and the man on the other, notice each other. As they walk along the road watching ewach other they start to dance and laugh. The man steps into the road as a car comes round the corner and sounds it horn.
So the main character continued looking at the girl, and as she was walking. When the girl realized that he was looking at him she started doing funny dances. The guy was coping with every move she was making. Now the main character didn't notice that he was no by the robots and he needed to stop
