the girl starts imitating the guy's actions. when the guy see it, he starts doing different actions while smiling at the girl till the girls gets to a black box and starts doing her own actions and now the guy starts imitating the girl
The main character guy is walking along the sidewalk when suddenly he notices this woman walking on the sidewalk on the opposite side of the street in the same direction as him. He takes notice that she is acting in the same goofy quirky ways as him, so he begins to play with her by being even more blatantly goofy to see if she will copy him. As he begins to swing his arms widely back and forth, she does the same thing. Then, she takes cover behind what looks to be an electrical box, and then starts making a funny pose gestured towards him. He smiles while he watches this.
A man and a woman are walking down the street, each on the opposite side of the street.  The woman begins to mimic the man's actions and then he begins to mimic her actions.  They both seem to be enjoying the game.
Both Sets of characters are walking on opposite sides of the street; The man stumbles; in which the woman then surprisely stumbles too. The man is surprised and a bit confused. He then Puts his milk on the fence; the woman then does the same action. He realises she is copying him; he then swings his arms. She does to.nnThey then walk down the street with her copying his actions.
A man and a woman are walking on opposite sides of the road. The woman almost trips. Then she starts dancing as she walks, the man then copies her moves. 
The man and the woman walking on different sides of the road both look at each other. He puts the milk carton down as she seem sto trip up. Then the woman starts walking in a funny way, almost like dancing, and the man on the other side of the road copies her. She starts swinging her arms so he starts doing the same ans this becomes more exagerrated. He starts to duck down and she ducks beheind a cabinet and they start to pull silly faces and actions with their hands,
A woman is walking along the street whilst being watched by a man on the other side of the road. They are both walking along the street looking at each other and mimicing the others actions. 
they both walk along opposite sides of the streets copying each others movements.
The girl across the street started copying the way the guy was moving until they were both dancing to each other
After nearing tripping on the curb of the walkway, the man who was leaning on the car drinking milk continues to watch the girl on the sidewalk across the road. She mocks him playfully by pretending to trip. He scrunches up his face, placing his milk cartoon on a fence post. The woman copies his action, despite not having a milk cartoon. The whistling, jovial music continues playing in the background. The man begins acting silly, swinging his arms back and forth as he walks, and the woman copies him. They grin at each other. The woman crouches down and disappears behind a post box (?) and when she reappears, she is holding one hand in front of her fan, thumb touching her nose, fanning her fingers. Her other hand does the same but at the bottom of her spine, while still crouching over. The man copies her. 
the man watches the woman across the road attentively. he trips over on the kerb. still watching the woman she mimics his trip and the man looks a bit confused. he puts his milk carton on the top of a fence and looks back over. the woman mimics his action and reaches up as if putting a carton on the fence. they carry on watching and mimicking each other.
The woman wearing as red sweater is on the other side of the road. walking on the sidewalk, going the same direction as the main character. The main character notices that she is copying his motions, realizes this, and begins swinging his arms. She copies this and begins making her own motions which he copies as they both continue walking on the sidewalk.
A man begins walking on the pavement, whilst drinking some milk. At one point he trips and nearly falls but regains composure. He then notices a woman, in a red dress, walking in the same direction but on the sidewalk on the other side of the road. She begins copying him, tripping, making funny hand movements the same time as him. He notices and begins responding. Quickly, they both begin copying each other and smiling. 
A man is walking along the street with a carton of milk looking at a woman on the other side of the road. The woman starts to imitate the man who puts down is carton of milk, then does a funny walk, the woman copies him. The woman then hides behind a block of cement and comes out doing a different dance, the man imitates her dance. 
The guy with the milk carton continued to stare at the woman on the other side of the street. The woman saw him starting and started dancing. The man joined in and they were dancing around while staring at each other. 
A man and woman stare each other from across the street. They then proceed to playfully interact with each other.
The guy with the milk carton puts down the milk to observe a lady across the street. She has a hop in her step and the guy starts to mimic her. She notices and they kinda do a little dance at the same time.
So you fell asleep when the woman catches the guy's attention while drinking a small carton of milk. He then follows the woman across the street as she is walking on her side of the block. He then nearly trips. She does the same thing. They both continue to walk on their sides of the street, almost mirroring each other. The guy then places his milk carton on the top part of s black gate. She pretends to do the same. It has become somewhat of a mirror game. He does something she copies. She does something he copies. And they do this repeatedly.
A guy was drinking a vitamin D milk when he saw a beautiful young lady so he started flexing on a car he saw pretending it was his but it wasn't then the owner on the car came and chased him away but then he started showing sign to the girl (Funny signs) but luckily the girl matches the guy's energy
The man continues to stare at the woman in red. She begins to dance, and in response the man discards his milk carton and he also begins to dance. The both continue walking on opposite sides of the street dancing and looking at each other.
The woman stumble just like the man. When the man place the drink on the fence she imitates it. The woman also imitates how the man walks. They also look very happy and do some dancing
A man and woman are walking on opposite sides of the street. When he trips, so does she. The man notices this and reaches up to put his milk carton on a fence. The woman copies the motion. The man and woman being to copy each other back and forth, leaning down and dancing while smiling and watching each other.
In the scene that follows, the man and the woman start mimicking each other playfully from each side of the street. She imitates his movements and putting the milk on top of the fence posts, and it gets more ridiculous as they continue their walking.
The girl in the red top and black skirt is walking on the opposite side to the man in the cream jacket. The man is watching her and walking along. He puts his milk carton on top of a fence. The girl starts to do dance like moves. She reaches up and then bends down so that she is temporarily hidden by a black box. The man starts to walk in a dance like manner. The man and girl start walking in a slightly crouched position, swinging their arms and smiling.
Th guy that was drinking the milk noticed a girl walking on the other side of the street. Then he realized that every action he did the girl was mocking him. They both kept walking and the guy threw up his arm and then she did. Then he bent over and put one of his hands on his head to look like antlers and then she did it. She was mirroring everything little movement that he did. It was so corny it was one of the stupidest parts in a little flick i have ever seen
The female character stumbles on the path. The male character places his milk on a fence. The female character lifts one arm. The male character starts swinging his arms. The female character copies and then ducks behind a cable exchange box and waves as she emerges. 
the lady walking across the street while man follows doing silly things 
The milk guy had turned to walk on the sidewalk -- you remember he'd seen a girl walking in the same direction on the sidewalk on other side of the street. He makes a little stumble, and afterwards looks up to see that she made the same sort of stumble. She walked a bit then raised her arm up, and he did to, mirroring her actions. They kept doing that for a while, enjoying the process. 
The films with a guy leaning up against a car, then has a carton of milk which he opens. The owner of the car comes up and chases him away. He sees a girl across the street, and follows her down the street, he copies her movements, she sees him doing this and she copies him as well.
The man and the woman slowly begin to notice each other more and more from across the street. He tripped before, while looking over at her, and she tripped after that while looking at him. They're smiling and seem interested in each other as they mime funny actions from opposite sides of the street.
He notices a girl on the opposite street while he's drinking some milk and while he's watching her, gets moved away from the car he's leaning against. He carried on walking and notices that she's copying his every move.
