The shoe tilts right side up and the leg in it starts tapping the shoe.  Then music starts playing.  A candy wrapper hits the ground.  Then a milk carton is opened and the man looks into it.  He then starts to drink.
The shoe which was sidewards is actually on a man's foot.  The man is sitting on a bench with a carton of milk, which he opens at the top and then sniffs it.  When he is happy that it hasn't gone off he puts it to his mouth and starts to drink.
It stays focussed on the sole of the trainer for a while and we can't see it it's attached to anyone or just a shoe. Suddenly the shoe turns upright and you realise someone is wearing it. Some music starts with whistling and the foot starts tapping in time. The unseen person drops a chocolate wrapper on the floor next to the foot and then the image pans up to a close of of a red a white milk carton being opened. There's a very close shot of an eye peering in the opened carton, checking the milk and then it pans out to show a man with short brown hair who takes a drink straight from the carton. He's outside, leaning against a car and the music is still playing
we found out the shoe was attached to a person after the shoe started tapping. The person who was a man then had a carton of milk that he opened and started to drink
At first there was a sideways shoe. In the next scene the shoe became upright, and we could see it was attached to a person. The person was then trying to open a carton of milk, and eventually had some.
Close up of a person taping their shoe, then it shows a carton of milk being opened on a close up.  The man then starts to drink from it
There was a shoe tapping to the beat of music. Then a wrapper fell next to the shoe. After that, a younger man, in his twenties, opens a carton of milk very carefully and looks inside. When he is satisfied with the contents., he has a sip. This scene ended. 
A shoe is tapping to the beat of the music playing. A person examines a carton of milk. He then proceeds to open it up and look insdie the carton of milk. He starts to drink some milk.
The shoe that was turned on its side, flip over and started tapping. It then went to this guy opening a carton of milk getting ready to drink it.
The man's foot, with the shoe on, flipped over and started tapping as the camera panned out and then an empty chocolate wrapper fell on the floor. The camera panned up and revealed hands opening a Milk Carton. When the milk was open the man proceeded to take a sip from the carton.
The foot turned over and started tapping when the music started. The guy drinking the milk was fiddling with the top of the carton. He looked inside it before he started drinking it.
There's some music at the beginning as you see an up-close shot of a shoe. The shoe turns over and begins to tap to the beat. Then we pan up to an up-close shot of a carton of milk that is opened before being examined by a man and then consumed.
The shoe on the ground straightened up and began tapping on the ground. A plastic wrapper fell to the ground and the camera pans up the leg attached to the shoe to see a man who opens and drinks from a carton of milk. He looked in the milk before drinking in it, like he was skeptical for some reason.
A man with brown hair was tapping his brown shoes. Then the camera panned to him opening a milk carton. He proceeded to open the milk carton and drank some of it. 
the show that we were looking at puts its sole on the ground and then starts tapping the ground. it then shows that a middle age man is wearing the shoe. the video then shows him opening up a small carton of milk. he looks in the carton at the milk and then takes a sip. fun music is playing in the background
A shoe is tapping, and a piece of litter falls next to it. Then we see a bottle of milk being opened. Next we see a man outside in a road, and that man begins to drink from the milk bottle.
There is a shoe in the road, it zooms out and it starts tapping to a beat, it zooms out some more, and it shows a man attached to the shoe, he opens a carton of milk and atarts to drink it.
a man is tapping his foot to music then drops a wrapper. he then opens a carton of milk before looking into it then taking a drink.
The shoe you saw earlier was tapping on the ground following a musical beat. A rapper dropped followed by a opening of a box of milk. Lo and behold, a handsome guy face showed looking into the opening of the milk before he tempted to drink it. Obviously the the handsome guy was wearing the SHOE and was hustling to the beats of the music.
The shoe moves and we see that there is a foot inside. It taps several times on the pavement. We see a candy wrapper dropped on the floor next to it. Then we see the top of a milk carton being opened. Then we see a man, licking his lips at the thought of the milk. He first peers into the opening of the milk carton. 
they are showing a shoe that starts to move a little. It then shows the person it is attached to and he slowly opens a carton of milk. He looks down into it before he tries a drink.
We see a shoe laying on its side on the ground. Then the shoe moves upright and the foot that is in it starts tapping. We then see a crumbled food wrapper falling to the ground. Next we are shown a milk carton opening and then we see a man's face as he looks down into the milk carton.
a guy started tapping his foot on the ground while wearing a tennis shoe.  he dropped some trash on the ground.  opened a milk carton looked in it then drank from it
a man taps his black trainer on the floor. he drops something. he then opens a carton of milk and folds the edge. he looks inside the carton and drinks the milk
A man is drinking milk.
The shoe turned out to be a person wearing the shoe. The video then went on to show a man opening and then drinking a carton of milk.
The shoe tapped on the ground like it was dancing and then it showed a guy opening the carton while he licked his lips and placed the carton on his lips about to drink.
a man is tapping his foo and just opened a milk carton
The shoe turns over and the person wearing the shoe starts tapping their foot with the beat of the music. Then we see a wrapper and someone's face, they open a milk carton and start drinking from it. 
The shoe begins tapping on the ground. Someone then drops a wrapper on the ground. A man opens a milk and begins to drink.
