The man drinking the milk was ushered on by the car owner before stumbling his way down the street parallel to the girl in red on the other side. She appears to 'stumble' in response, almost in a dance move sort of way. He puts down his milk on a passing fence as they continue to walk down the street. Smiling, he sways his arms as if to say 'I challenge you to a dance off' to which she imitates him in response. 
i think my computer was buffering all the time, a man drinks milk while ogling a woman on the other side of the street
An old man came over and shouted at the man drinking milk who was leaning on his car. The man began to walk down the street, looking at the girl on the opposite side of the road. Every time he made a movement she seemed to copy him.
a guy is watching a gal walking. she starts making dance moves and he makes dance moves after her, and they continue to do this as they walk down the street looking at each other from across the road.
the guy continued drinking his milk while leaning on the car and staring at the woman with the red jersey, however the owner of the car came out and chased the man off his car, in which he then walked and tripped on the sidewalk, the woman saw and then also made like she tripped, he then walked on, placed his milk box on the top of the gate post reaching up, the woman then copied him again, and smiling, he then starts to sway his arms, then looks over at the girl
The man you saw coming out the house moved the main character drinking the milk off his car.  As the man walked away drinking from his milk cartoon, he walks on the opposite side of the road as the women he was checking out earlier. He stumbles then - weirdly - notices the women seems to stumble too. He thinks this is a bit odd, finishes his milk and (like at the start of the movie) litters by placing his cartoon up high on the top of a fence. The women then copies this action too! He decides to see what happens when he does a little dance and, again, she mirrors him 
A guy in the distance walks over to his car saying something to the main character leaning on it and telling him to scatter. He walks away and trips over something and the lady across the street does the same thing. He then places his small carton of milk on top of a flat bit of a fence and the lady pretends to do the same thing. He sees he is copying her and then starts to walk funny and she follows along to it. 
the scene starts with a shoe tapping on the floor, the camera them moves to show a cartoon of milk being opened. Then a man is shown holding the milk, he sees a girl across the road walking and smiles at her. Another man walks up to him and gestures at him to get of his car, the man with the milk quickly walks away, tripping as he goes. He looks back at the girl and sees her trip as well, then when the man puts his milk on top of the fence he sees the girl make the same motion, it is clear she is mimicking him. He then starts to dance a little and she does the same. 
the man with the milk that was leaning on someones car had a drink of the milk then another man (the owner of the car he was leaning on i think) started walking towards him and he ran off and tripped up the kerb nearby where he saw a woman on the road opposite copying him tripping but he kept on walking drinking his milk. He then placed the milk carton on a metal fence above him and the woman opposite copied by putting her hands up as if she were doing it too. He then walced up the road in a dancey stance and the woman opposite also copied that  
The guy who was drinking milk step away from someone's car, then kept looking at woman in red jumper and kept on tripping up. somehow at the end both started moving the arms weird.
At the start of the scene the main character is still leaning on the same car whilst drinking the carton of milk.  The man is approached by the owner of the car who motions him to move away so the man moves away from the car.  The man moves on whilst still holding his carton of milk, the man continues to watch a lady who is on the other side of the street.  Before continuing to walk down the street the man places his milk carton on the top of some railings.  The man shortly notices that the lady is copying him, the man starts to swing his arms in an attempt to get the lady to copy him, he is successful. 
The man drinking the milk is shooed away by the owner of the car. he start walking on the side of the road in dancing moves looking at the woman on the other side of the road. He place the milk carton on a fence and continues to walk in some sort of dancing moves. The woman on the other side does the same 
The younger man gets chased away from the car by an older man. The younger man continues to drink his milk, while now walking down the street, still looking at the lady across the street. Eventually, he discards his milk box by putting it on a wall, and continues walking further, still keeping an eye on the woman. The woman starts noticing that the man is looking at her. Suddenly a bell rings in the upbeat music playing in the background. At the same time that you hear the bell, the woman jumps up in the air to hit something off-screen that might be a bell. She then continues walking, passing a few other people walking in the opposite direction. She now also keeps looking at the man. They start walking in tempo and start making dance moves. The woman smiles.
The man was drinking a carton of milk when he sees a lady walking on the sidewalk, across the street from him. As the man is leaning against someone elses car, the owner of the car comes and scares him away. The man is still looking at the girl, and trying to get her attention. The girl is looking at him, and she starts to kind of skip or dance along. The man mimics her, and also skips and dances along.
Another man comes out and forces the first man to stop leaning against the car. The first man starts walking away while staring at a woman on the other side of the street. They both start waling and the woman is copying the mans actions.
A guy in a vest comes over to the car and moves the guy with the milk on. The guy with the milk continues to watch the girl on the other side of the street. As he walks along on his side of the road, he trips slightly. The girl continues walking on her side and she trips slightly. Then the guy, still walking and watching her, reaches up to place his milk carton on a railing. The girl seems to imitate him, reaching her empty hand up. The guy, noticing this,  starts to walk with his arms swaying in an exaggerated manner; the girl does the same.
Man gets told of for leaning on the car. He moves on as he is walking down the street a woman is also walking opposite. He abandons his milk carton and the two people mirrors each others walk
there was a guy drinking milk at a car on the street when the owner on the comes back he goes across the road trips on the crub walks on the path drinking milk then a women across the road copies his ever move that he was doing  
The man who is staring at the woman continues to drink his milk and a man in a white vest top walks over to the car looking annoyed at the first man. He lunges towards the man drinking the milk, then we realise he is sitting on his car watching the woman. So he moves back onto the pavement whilst still watching the woman, but as he does, he trips on the kerb. He continues walking alongside the woman who is on the other side of the road and puts his milk down. The woman then imitates his trip and he smiles. They continue walking down either side of the road and the man starts making some dance moves, when he does, the woman copies him. 
The guy in the white tank top is the guy who actually owned the car the main guy was leaning on. He shooed him away, and got in the car and drove off. The main guy started walking. He tripped a little, and he saw the girl on the opposite side of the street trip a little, too. He put his milk on a high post, and saw the girl make a similar movement. She is clearly copying his actions. He swings his arm, so does she, etc.
The owner of the car the guy was leaning on came out and made him move away. He started walking down the street opposite the girl he had been watching who was also walking down the street. He put his carton of milk on some railings and carried on walking, the girl opposite mirrored his action. They started smiling at each other and then began mirroring each other, swinging their arms as they walked along.
A man stands on a street drinking a carton of milk before he starts walking down the sidewalk whilst watching a woman walking along the opposite side of the street in the same direction.nThe woman notices him and copies his movements, when he sees this he begins to dance.
The man who was watching the girl and drinking milk was chased of the car by it's owner and set off along the road. At this point the girl and he made fleeting eye contact and from that point on everything he did was mimicked by the girl. This included tripping, discarding the milk carton and the way he walked.
The man leaning against a car sees a woman walking up the other side of the street . The car owner having chased the man with the milk away , the milk guy stumbles and watching the woman , sees her stumble in the same way. He then places the milk carton on top of railings and sees the woman perform the same action. Thinking that she is mirroring him , he bends and swings his arms like an ape as he walks down the street.
the man was drinking milk by the car.  he then moves away as the driver comes back... he is waching the girl over the street and they both swing their arms and start to dance.
a guy was standing by a car when a lady in red top passed and the guy was looking at her while he drank his milk, the man that own the car came and chased the guy off his car and the guy started walking in the opposite direction of the lady in red top,the guy stumbled and the lady also stumbled, he then placed his milk on an iron fence while he walked and the lady also acted as if she placed something in the thin air, they were looking at each other while they walk and the guy made a little dance and the lady also copied him
The man drinking the milk has to move away from the car he's leaning on but he's still watching the girl.  He moves to the sidewalk and stumbles.  The girl repeats his move.  He places his milk carton on a rail.  She mimics reaching up.  He makes a dance move.  She mirrors him.
The young guy with the milk has been run off by an older man, he was leaning against his car, it would seem He proceeds to walk away along the sidewalk, when he notices a cute girl on the other side of the street walking as well. He notices that she appears to be mimicking his actions as he discards the milk carton, and then begins swinging his arms. 
The man was standing by another persons car and got shooed away. He starts walking adjacent to a woman and she notices. They keep copying each others moves as they walk along.
As the man is leaning against the car and staring at the girl on the other side of the road, the owner of the car comes at yells at the person leaning against the car. The person moves away from the car while drinking the milk and start walking on the footpath, and keeps staring at the girl on the other side of the road. Soon, he realizes that the girl is copying him. If the man does anything, the girl copies it, e.g. the man puts his empty milk can on the side of the road, and the girl pretends to do the same. The man moves his arms in a certain flow, the girl repeats it.
