The boy got hit by a car whilst he was showing off and trying to impress the girl.nthe car that hit him hits another car and is launched in to the air.nThe girl looks horrified and the boys shoe flys through the air and land in the gutter near her.  There are also other shoes in the gutter.
The car fell on the ground from the accident. The covered her face in fear. Then you could see a shoe falling and landing next to the sidewalk next to another shoe.
A red car flew into the air. The woman in the red jumper looked in horror as the mans shoe flew high in the sky and landed in the road nearby her. 
The car finishes flipping over upside down. One of the mans shoes flies through the air and lands on the floor next to another shoe that just happens to be there.
The car from the crash flies through the air, before the camera shows the lady looking shocked and distressed. After this, a single show can be seen flying through the air from the car and landing on the side of the road. After landing, the camera follows along the kerb of the road to show another single shoe also laying there.
The car that struck the milk-drinking man ramps over another car and flies through the air before landing roughly and bursting into flames. The woman watches in horror as one of the man's shoes flies through the air towards her. The camera then pans to another, different shoe lying in the gutter.
The smarmy looking man was hit by a car because he was not paying attention to where he was walking. Instead, he was fixated on the girl across the street who had been miming his every move. After the collision, the car flew into the air and we can only assume the smarmy looking man was gravely damaged as well. The last we image we saw was the shoe of the dumb looking guy detached from his body, laying solemnly on the road.
A car crashes on the ground from the air. Shortly after the crash, a sneaker trainer is seen flying through the air, shortly before landing in a gutter. The camera pans along, to show another shoe also in the gutter.
The explosion sent his shoe flying into the air! The woman was in shock
We see the landing on the ground having previously been flipped in the air. The woman who was mimicking the man's movements down the street looks worried and looks up into the air and sees a shoe flying through the air. It lands on the ground next to the curb and it is one of the man's trainers. The camera, at ground level, then pans up the road slightly and we come across another shoe, a black leather-looking boot hightop, but we dont know to whom it belongs yet
The man drinking the milk is shooed away from an old man's car. The man trips then put the milk carton on top of a fence. The women in the skirt trips. The man and woman begin mimicking each other's actions until the distracted man is hit by a car. The woman in the skirt looks on in shock. One of the man's shoes flies off his foot and hits the sidewalk and lands near a black boot.
After the accident the show flew off the guy's foot and landed near the sidewalk while the girl watched. Then the camre panned up to another black shoe. 
The car flips, eventually coming to a stop. The woman looks up, absolutely horrified. Flying through the air is the man's shoe. It goes under the overhead wires, eventually landing in the road right next to the kerb. It is then revealed that another shoe can be seen to the left of this man's shoe, also in the road next to the kerb.
a guy was following what a girl was doing and was not paying attention and walked off the curb and got hit by a car
The shoe worn by the man who had been drinking milk earlier flies somersaults through the air and lands in the gutter. The camera pans past it to another suggesting the woman who had been distracting the man might have caused another similar incident before
The car struck the man and lifted him into the air, the car struck an obstacle which lifted it too. His trainers lay scattered beside the pavement.
so the man that was walking out told him to get off his car so he walked off but he was still looking at the girl so he started walking the same way the girl was so he started soing like little stuff and she was mocking him and remeber the carton he had he sat it on someone fence and she acted like she was doing the same so while they were walking down the sidewalk they were like playing and mocking each other then she stopped and made a reaction because a car was coming he thought she was playing but it was really a car but they never was making any noise girl the car hit him and busted the windshield he flew in the air the car rolled and flew in the air the girl was just looking and next thing you know the shoe that we saw him tapping earlier landed by the girl but it was weird cause it was another shoe there as well 
Main character saw a women who started to copy what he does. After a while of simulation of coping, main character ran into a car not knowing what's happening to him. He gets hit and a shoe appears out of nowhere coming to the women.
The car falls from the air, then fell down. The man's shoe is seen gliding across the air through an electric pole until it falls next to a pavement. The camera pans slowly across the pavement until his second shoe comes into view. 
the car crashes and the shoe from the begging of the movie falls next top someone elses other shoe
The car that hit the man with the sneakers throws the man high in the air. The sneakers, one by one, appear on the screen on the ground alone without the man.
As the car crashes, the man's shoe is flung into the air. The woman watches horrified with her hands over her mouth. The shoe lands in the gutter of the road, and the camera pans along to reveal another, different shoe there.
Turns out the car the guy was leaning on wasn't his as another guy guy shoes him away from the car.  So the first guy drinking the milk walks on down the street and sees the pretty girl on the other side of the street, He notices her mimic his every action as he finish the milk and puts the carton on a fence post.  The pretty girl on the other side of the street mimics his action and several others as the guy continues down the street.  But the guy sees the girl mimic his actions so he does some more  and he watches the girl mimic him.  But when he gets to the street intersection, the guy is caught up in the  girls actions and get hit by a car and is thrown into the air.  And all that remains is the worn sneaker as it falls to the ground.
We see the aftermath of the car crash. The woman looks in horror as the man is hit. He was hit so hard, his shoe went flying in the air and landed by a curb. The camera panned over from the character's shoe to an old shoe also near the curb.
The car lands the right way up though very damaged. A shoe flies across the sky and lands at the side of the road.
The shoe of the man flies through the air and lands next to a curb, where there is another shoe. 
The car that hit the man goes flying and ends up crashing on its side. Then, the tennis shoe the man was wearing also goes flying and ends up on the side of the road. You then see another shoe on the side of the road nearby. 
The car smashes into the road with an explosion. The woman is then seen gasping in shock. A single show (from the mans foot) goes flying into the air and lands at the side of the road. The camera then pans along slowly to reveal another shoe not too far from where his fell.
The car crashed and flew into the air, as it went through the air training shoes dropped to the floor.
the car flew in the air and the guys shoe landed far away
