The main character is standing and leaning against a car while drinking a carton of Vitamin D milk. He takes a few sips while leaning on the car and looking across the road. The main character than notices that a man is approaching him, when the man gets closer he motions to attack the main character for leaning on his act. The main character while moving away from the car notices a woman in red walking parallel to him across the street on the sidewalk. He begins to walk in the same direction taking another sip of his milk. he main character than places his milk ontop of a fence, as he continues to walk he tips over his shoes. The woman across the street sees this and mimicks his trip in a friendly kind of way to make a joke.
the guy was leaning on someone's car drinking milk then a woman walked pass catching his attention. then some guy in a vest top told the main character to get of his car and as he walked off he tripped over the curd and so did the woman on the opposite trip at the same time
The man leaning on the car takes some sips of his milk, he sees a women across the road and begins following her with his eyes. At this point the owner of the car comes back and gestures to him to get off, so he does. He begins to walk away as he does he trips over a curb, the women sees this and pretends to trip as if to mock him. He then places his milk on a fence.
A MAN WAS LEANING ON SOMEONE CAR A MAN WITH NO TOP ON COMES AND TELL THE MAN TO MOVE HE WAS DRINKING MILK FROM A CARTON A WOMEN CATCHES HIS EYE WALKING THE WOMEN TRIPS
The man drinking the milk spots a woman on the other side of the street walking. He leans on a car as he looks at her. Then the owner of the car comes along and shouts at him for leaning on his car and walks up to him aggressively. He then jumps a bit startled and walks away from the car but still looking at the woman across the street. He then trips and then the woman mimics his trip and pretends to trip too. He then looks at her quizzically and puts his milk down on some railings and continues walking. 
THERE WAS A GUY LEANING AGAINST A CAR DRINKING A CARTON OF MILK.  THE OWNER OF THE CAR COMES ALONG IN HIS VEST AND IS ANNOYED WITH THE GUY LEANING ON HIS CAR.  THE GUY DRINKING THE CARTON OF MILK WALKS OFF BUT HE'S GOT HIS EYE ON A FEMALE WHO IS WALKING ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE STREET.  HE TRIPS UP AND THEN SHE TRIPS UP.
The guy was drinking the milk when he noticed a young lady walking along, on the other side of the street. We then saw a man coming out of a house and the guy who was drinking the milk, was leant up against his car. The man waved his arms at him, to get him off the car. The milk guy, crossed the street and tripped on the pavement. We then saw the young lady walking along and she also tripped, on the pavement, whilst milk guy was looking at her. He then placed the carton of milk, on top of some railings and smiled at the young lady.
The man takes a drink from the carton of milk and then sees a pretty lady across the road, he leans on the car trying to look cool, but the owner of the car comes out and makes him move.  The man then starts walking on the opposite side while looking at the lady and trips.  She looks at him and she trips as well while walking on the other side of the pavement
The guy drinks from a milk carton whilst scanning the street and is told off for leaning on the car, so he leaves. As he is walking away, a female catches his eye. As he is looking at her, he trips, and she notices this and re-enacts the trip. This catches his interest further and he puts the milk carton down on a gate and begins to walk towards her. 
The guy takes a sip of milk and spots a girl in a red sweater across the street. He looks at her until a guy walks up to him and tells him to get off the car he's been leaning against. He then starts to follow the girl from across the street. He leaves the milk carton on the fence and continues to follow her. 
The man started drinking the milk. He was watching a woman across the road while leaning on a car. The car owner came out and he moved on. He was still watching the woman across the road. He laid his milk carton on a fence and watched the woman again. She appeared to trip but there was nothing in her way.
The man continues to drink the milk until he sees a woman in a red sweater across the street. His focus is on the woman as he leans against the car he is next to. The car owner then walks up to the car and shoves him to get him off the car. He stumbles while going on the sidewalk but doesn't fall. He continues to stare across the street at the woman, following her. He put the milk carton down and continues walking.
The man who was drinking milk sees a woman on the other side of the road. As he drinks he keeps watching the girl and the camera pans back to show he is leaning against a car. Suddenly a man who owns the car approaches and the man drinking the milk walks away. He trips up whilst watching the girl and later the girl who is now looking at the man also trips up.
The guy is drinking milk leaning against a car. he sees a woman walking down the street, opposite side of the road. A man comes out of a nearby house and remonstrates with him for leaning against his car. The guy walks off and stumbles a little as he trips. He's walking in the same direction as the woman. She also trips.
A man is drinking some milk and casually leaning against a car.  He spots a girl walking by that captivates his attention.  
A man is drinking from a carton of milk. He sees a woman walking on the other side of the street and starts watching her. This causes him to be distracted and he runs into someone else. He starts to walk along the road while still watching the woman and puts his carton of milk down on a railing.
A man leans against a car and drinks milk. He looks at a walking lady. A man approaches him and he walks away from the car, but follows the lady. She playfully pretends to trip, and the man leaves his milk and continues to follow her.
The man drinking from the milk carton leans against the side of the car and looks around.  He notices a girl walking along the path opposite and continues leaning against the car and smiles.  A large man in a white vest then walks round the front of the car and looks angrily at the man drinking from the milk carton.  He then shoos the man away.  The man walks along the pavement, still watching the girl on the opposite pavement who does a kind of fake trip before continuing to walk past a parked car.  The man rests the milk carton on a fence post and continues to walk and watch the girl opposite.
The main character has opened the carton of milk, he drinks from it and is distracted by a lady in a short skirt walking on the other side of the street. His friend joins him and tells him off , then he starts walking and trips up but manages to not drop the milk. He looks over at the lady and she too trips.
The man consitnues leaning on the car and drinks his carton of milk. Meanwhile across the street a woman in a red top and black skirt with ankle socks walks along and glances at him. From the same side of the street as the car a man comes from a gateway. He is wearing a vest and trousers and seems cross and in hurry. He gestures to the first man to get off the car. The first man walks away and trips over the kerb. He continues to watch the woman across the street who also then trips as she is watching him. Our fellow deposits the milk carton on a fence.
The man started drinking the milk and people watching, a lady started walking by.  The car owner then came by and shooed him away from the car.  He started walking along and tripped a little and then a few moments later the lady he seen walking by also tripped. 
The guy with the milk takes a sip from the bottle, he then spots a woman walking on the other side of the street, he gets distracted and leans against the car, a man then comes up along waves his arms to get the guy to move. He leaves and starts walking, he trips on the curb while carrying the milk. He keeps watching the woman and she also trips while walking 
The man drinking from the milk is leaning on a car looking around. He then sees a woman walking across the street wearing a red shirt. As he is focused on her, a man comes outside and yells at him to stop leaning on his car. The man then goes onto the sidewalk and trips but catches his balance. As he watches the woman across the street, she eventually trips as well but balances herself from falling. Then the man proceeds to put the empty milk carton on top of a fence as he continues his focus on the woman.
a man was drinking milk when he noticed a girl across the street and started to lean on a car and then the owner of the car came out and yelled at him so he stopped leaning off the car and started walking down the street where he stumbles and then puts the empty milk carton he was drinking from on a fence railing. then the girl walks down looks at him and trips as well in the street as she is walking.
a guy is leaning up against a car opens a carton of milk and starts drinking. He then sees an attractive woman walking by. He keeps looking at it while he is drinking. the owner of the car shoos him away. As he walks away in a hurry he stumbles over a curbside still paying the women attention. funny enough the woman looks over at him and she trips over her own feet. he decided to leave the carton of milk on the fence he was walking by
The man drinks from the milk carton. He spots a woman on the other side of the street. He leans back on the car, watching her. A man appears, annoyed that he's leaning on the car, and shoes him away. He begins walking, trips on the kerb, and carries on watching the woman who is still walking. She also trips. He puts the milk carton down on a railing.
A man is drinking milk from a carton whilst leaning against a car. A girl walks past. An older man shoes the younger man away from his car. The young man starts to follow the girl and stumbles as he does so. The girl also stumbles. The man places his milk carton on top of a fence
The man swigs his carton of milk and leans on the car whilst watching a lady across the street. The owner of the car comes out and shoos him off. As he walks away he stumbles over the curb. The lady notices and copies him in jest. He is confused and places his milk carton on top of a wall. 
man drinks milk, sees a girl in a red jumper and black skirt, hes leaning on a car a  man comes out and tells him to get off it. He then leaves and trips on the curb, the woman seemingly mimics him, places milk on a fence.
the man took a sip of the milk and looked left and right, then at a lady walking past. then a man came out and pushed him off his car as the man and the milk were leaning on it. the man walks away still looking at the lady checking her out, then trips up the pavement. she copies him on the other side of the road, then the man makes a funny face and puts the milk on the fence
