He will light up another cigarette. She will throw that one away too. Then he'll keep doing that until she takes the whole pack and throws it away. And then he'll chug some wine and they'll have angry sex.
She will throw the ashtray at him.
She will try to get him to have sex with her or want her.
The man will pull out another cigarette and light it.
I predict that the man will get up from the table and tell the woman that he is leaving then they will get into a yelling match.
The man lights another cigarette.
She will grab his cigarette and put it in a drink.
I think she will take away his cigarette and yell at him.
I think her boyfriend will pull out and light up another cigarette.
The man will light another cigarette and will continue to light them until he runs out, or until the woman stops him.
The relationship will continue to falter.
the boyfriend will leave
a huge fight is going to break out between the couple
Ok they both about to go into full argument mode between the two of them.
I think the man will get mad at her for putting the cigarette out.
She's gonna turn around and see him lighting up another cig.
I foresee a big fight taking place as the characters try to antagonize each other.
He will storm out of the room.
The man will smoke another cigarette and the woman will continue to be upset with him
I believe the man will start yelling at the woman for taking his cigarette.
The woman will take the cigarette away from the man.
The woman will dump wind on the cigarette
Woman starts yelling at the man for smoking inside, but he still continues doing that.
the woman will yell at the man and take the cigarrette from him and he will stop her.
The couple will get in to an elevated argument and one of them will end up leaving the house.
The woman will yell at the man for smoking.
The man will light up another cigarette
The couple will have an argument.
He's going to lose his shit and flip out on her because her rules are why he's so uptight in the first place
The boyfriend will light another cigarette and the girlfriend will yell at him for doing so. She will then vent to him about how he can never relax.
He will light up another cigarette.
He will light another cigarette, and she will tell him not to smoke inside.
He is going to light another cigarette.
they will continue to quarrel with each other
