The lady will argue with the man.
The main character will try to convince the other to take a drink of wine.
I think that the woman will be upset that he forgot the anniversary.
I think the lady will press the fact it is their anniversary.
They get into an arguement.
Woman pour herself a glass of wine
They're going to have a fight.
I think the man will explain why he cannot drink.
The woman will get angry, stand up, and throw her napkin on the table.
I think that the woman will give the man a gift.
I think the woman will ask him if he remembered that it was their anniversary.
An argument will ensue.
The boyfriend will talk about why he can't drink right now.
He will say he cant drink wine followed by some more awkward silence, slowly building up to something.
WOMAN WILL DRINK.
I think they will have more stilted conversation.
He has forgotten their anniversary and avoids talking about it.
The man will explain why he can't drink wine.
The woman will pour herself another glass of wine.
He continues his expiation on why he can't drink any kind of wine or any alcoholic substance.
The female may get more angry and irritated.
I think the boyfriend will lie and pretend he knew it was their anniversary, resulting in a fight.
they will argue
They will argue about something because the man is in a bad mood
One of the two is going to start an argument.
They will argue.
i think she will throw the bottle at him
i think she will flip the table
i think the girl will walk away
He explains that he can't drink and the girlfriend gets agitated.
They will get into an argument.
The dude will storm off.
The woman will storm off.
She will try to seduce him and succeed in persuading him to drink wine
They will argue.
There will be a flashback to some event detailing why he can't drink.
I think there will be an argument, i believe the husband is controlling and likes to ensure that his girlfriend stays in line and doesn't embarrass him. I think in the next 30 seconds he will start shouting at her.
