The boyfriend will make a comment about her drinking.
The will start to argue.
The man will get upset that she drank so much.
The woman will drink the next glass that she poured.
The boyfriend will drink alcohol with the girlfriend.
The woman will finish this wine bottle.
I think he will say something about her drinking too much.
They will begin fighting about their anniversary.
Man will shake his head in a disapproving way and make a snide comment.
The woman will drink the second glass of wine and looks at the man in a challenging way.
He will look at her odd.
He'll keep eating (really loudly) and she'll stare at him in exasperation and then drink the additional wine she poured herself.
I think the woman will crush another glass of wine.
She will fill the glass completely full and drink it too.
The man will change his mind about drinking.
Ohh, She seems angry. I think that there are going to be some mean words exchanged.
I predict a food fight.
I think the husband is going to make a comment about her drinking.
i thgink they will fight
The boyfriend will ask the girlfriend why she's drinking so much
I believe that the lady will continue to drink.
The boyfriend will take a sip.
I think that the girlfriend will be unhappy with the boyfriend on their anniversary and think he's too high maintenance.
She will chug down that glass of wine out of spite, too.
I think that a argument will break out between the couple.
The girlfriend gets plastered and the boyfriend gets really annoyed.
the female character is about to start a verbal argument
the woman is going to complain to her man about something
I think he will throw his napkin on the table and get up.
I think the boyfriend will become upset with his girlfriend.
I think the guy will end up walking away from the dinner table.
They are going to have a fight.
i predict that she will down that other glass of wine and say something about them not doing anything for their anniversary
She would drink wine from the glass
This will get intense. The woman will continue to get plastered and attempt to forcefully break the obvious emotional frigidness of her perfectionist boyfriend. This will descend into a major verbal argument about the sanctity of their anniversary, and how he hasn't done anything to make her feel special on that day.
This scene will shortly devolve into a Kill-Bill style scene of epic relational violence! The girlfriend will decide that enough is enough; her boyfriend and his damn chewing habits are driving her mad, he gaslights her incessantly, and she feels like she's living in a doll's house. So she will that wine bottle to very bloody purpose, and then hit the road like Bonnie, without Clyde.
