An alligator will surface.
It will actually be a log, but he'll fall off and drown. Then an actual alligator will eat the remaining water buffalo.
The alligator will pull the cow under the water
The object will turn out to be a log.
one of the bulls will get eaten by an alligator.
The log will come out of the water
I think the cow will float away on the alligator.
The buffalo will get eaten by the alligator.
The second buffalo will run away.
The thing in the water will be an alligator and will rise up and turn the animal over into the water.
I think it's an alligator that will attack them.
The object in the water is a crocodile and will try to eat the character standing on it.
I think it will end up being an alligator and ate the one that climbed on it.
I think my first prediction is still correct - whatever the thing in the water is, it will pop up and be something completely unexpected. Not a log or a crocodile.
The one who stepped on the animal/object will fall in the water
I think that the animal will fall into the water.
The alligator will raise up and scare the animal.
I think the animal might roll off the object and fall in the water.
I think the crocodile is finally going to rise out of the water.
The one animal on the log will continue to try to prove that it's a crocodile.
I think an alligator will pop it's head up.
The oxen will get eaten by the crocodile.
I think the one standing on the alligator will fall off it.
The item in the water will be a croc and eat one.
the cow gets ate by the gator.
the thing will end up being an alligator, and the animal will get eaten.
Alligator will wake up.
The first ox will start to sink on the log.
The first ox will change his thought bubble to a log.
Second animal will enter the river
The animal will be devoured
The cows will fight over the log
Alligator is going to eat them. It's playing dead.
I think a crocodile will rise up and frighten the buffalo.
I predict that the cow stepped on an alligator and he will have to escape back to the side of the water.
The animal will get attacked by the alligator.
I think the crocodile will attack the animal standing on top of it.
One of the animals goes under the water.
The crocodile will eat the one standing on him.
I think the alligator will open his mouth.
I think the other ox will also jump on the object.
I think it is an alligator still. It will open its mouth and the ox will fall in the water.
log will sink
I still think an alligator will pop up out of the water.
I think the animal on the log will fall over into the water.
I predict a large turtle will walk out of the water with the ox on top.
The rock or stick is actually an alligator and it will come up and scare the animal.
I think the alligator will try to eat or attack the bison on its back.
Both wildebeasts will cross the alligator and get eaten at the same time.
I think the animal that kept saying log will say log again.
I think the crocodile will rise up with the other animal standing on its back.
The thing that the wildebeest jumped on will eat him.
he will fall into the water
I predict that the first water buffalo will be right in its prediction that the object is an alligator. I believe it will be attacked by the alligator.
The cow on the alligator will keep trying to rouse the alligator.
I think the alligator will jump up and eat the buffalo.
The bull on the unknown item will end up in the water.
The bull on the item will be attacked by the item.
The bull on land will also jump on the item.
the alligator will eat the wildebeast.
The water buffalo will be eaten by the alligator.
The alligator will be awakened and scare the animal (elk?)
The crocodile will eat the poor animal.
The crocodile will still be asleep.
The alligator will wake up and scare the bison, making him fall in the water.
The cow standing on the item in question will get eaten because it's an alligator.
now the croc attacks
I think the animal will be thrown from what it's standing on and into the water.
the one buffalo will stop on the log/alligator thing in order to prove that it's not alive and won't hurt him.
COW WILL SWIM.
I think that a crocodile is going to ironically come up next to the animal standing on the log and eat him.
The crocodile will eat the water buffalo
The log will roll over and the cow will fall into the water.
i think one of the main characters will fall in the water.
I think the crocodile will wake up and the other animal will fall off.
I think nothing will happen and it will prove it is a log.
I predict one of the oxen will be eaten
I think that it may show that it is a crocodile but it is more annoyed by the events.
The other animal will insist it is a log.
The object in the water will move with the animal on top.
The cow will float away down the river.
I think the crocodile will eat wildebeest.
The animal will fall off the log into the water.
i think he will get eaten.
It is most likely a crocodile and it will injure the cow standing on it
The alligator is going to eat the animal.
I think the two animals will come to agree that the object of disagreement is just a log.
the bull will try to confirm if it's really wood
the buffalo on top of the object is right, and the crocodile is going to eat him
In the next 30 seconds I predict the cow will get eaten by a crocodile.
I think the animal will fall into the water.
I think the animal will be eaten by the mysterious object.
I think it might just be a log in the water now since it is not moving.
I think the alligator will attack the cows.
The object will indeed be a crocodile and it wake up.
A crocodile will come up and eat the sheep that is sitting on the log.
The animal will be eaten
I think that it is going to be turned over.
I believe that the alligator will eat the daring animal.
The ox falls in the water.
I think the log/crocodile will not respond to the buffalo
I think the other buffalo will have to step on the log/crocodile
I believe that it will turn out to be an alligator and it will eat the buffalo.
The animal that stepped on the object in the water gets eaten because it turns out the object was in fact a crocodile.
The one standing on the object/animal is going to be eaten by it.
Now that it isn't moving, I think it may be a log and not an alligator.
I'm pretty sure that 'log' is going to rise up and snatch it's dinner. Whatever the animal is, it's soon going to be the main course.
the water buffalo will definitely be eaten by a crocodile
It will be a crocodile/aligator and eat the one who just jumped on his back.
I think the animal or ox will be transported by this mystery thing.
The other water buffalo will gloat that they were right.
I think that the log will roll over and flip the buffalo into the water.
I think the alligator will stick his head up and scare the buffalo into the water.
A crocodile will come up out of the water.
the alligator will kill the animal that's standing on it.
i think something will jump out at the two animals
I still think it is an alligator, but I do not think it will try to harm the two animals
I think the thing in the water will turn out to be something other than what they think it is.
I think the cow will touch it and get eaten by the animal in the water
The animal on the left will touch the object in the water
I think the buffalo will fall into the water.
The item will reveal itself as a crocodile and jump out of the water.
The wildebeest will be eaten by the alligator.
the crocodile will wake up
He will climb back off the log and will acknowledge that it was indeed just a log.
It will be an alligator and eat the cow
Maybe it's a log and it will float far from the herd of cattle?
I still think the "log" is going to gobble up that bison or gnu or whatever it is.
I think an alligator will flip the bull off its back.
The alligator will turn out to be a log.
The crocodile will open its mouth and swallow the animal whole
I think the object is a crocodile and will eat the animal standing on it.
The crocodile is being patient, but will still drag the other animal into the water.
The animal will be eaten by the alligator.
The alligator will bite one of the cattle.
I think it is still going to be an alligator.
i still think one of the characters will be eaten
Animal that is standing on log/alligator will fall into the water
I think the crocodile will jump up.
the animal will be eaten by the croc
the gator is going to eat the wildebeest
The object the buffalo is standing on will be an alligator and it will lift its head.
i think the crocodile will eat the bison.
The ox that is on the rock will float away.
I think the crocodile will roll over and chomp on the bull.
The rock will jump out and kill the animal that is stepping on its head.
The croc will eat the buffalo
The wildebeest will cross the river successfully.
The wildebeest will be eaten by a crocodile
he sinks into water
The alligator will eat the wildebeest that is standing on him.
The other buffalo will join its comrade on the log/crocodile.
The object in the water will eat the animal.
The yak is definitely going to get eaten by that 'log' thats actually a crocodile
i think the bull will get eaten by the alligator
The crocodile will eat the wilderbeast.
I think a crocodile will swim away with the buffalo on its back.
Now that the cow is on top thinking that it is a log, it turns out to be a crocodile and it jumps up from the water.
Alligator eats the wildebeest
The alligator eats it.
The object in the water will turn out to be an alligator and chomp down the cow. The cow watching will be scared and run away.
There will be movement of the animal and what it is standing on across the water.
the animal on the object in the water will fall in.
They will jump inside the river.
I think the main character will have a problem with the item. They might find it's a log or a crocodile that might eat them.
i think they would now have a drink
The object with the cow on will roll over and the cow will fall in the water.
The crocodile will rise up out of the water and bite the cow still on the river bank. The one standing on it will make it across.
now that it is on the item in the water i predict that a crocodile head will come up from the water
A crocodile will pop up.
I still think that object in the water will turn out to be a croc. Or a croc will appear.
I think the "log" will actually be an alligator and it will start swimming away with the animal on top of his back.
the crocodile will move with the cow on his back
the nest animal will follow the first animal to jump on the rock
the animal will return back to its position
The bull standing on the object will fall into the water.
The bulls are trying to guess if the floating object is a crocodile or a log.
The buffalo will return to the land
I think that now the animal has gone across, i believe that the rock is actually a crocodile and its going to flip the animal into the water.
I also believe the item the animal has stepped onto could easily be a rock but it cannot hold the animals weight so it starts to sink leaving the animal in the water.
The thing in the water seems to be a log and I think the animal will fall off it into the water
I think the other animal will jump on to the alligator and annoy it
Further, I think again that the rest of the herd will be scared silly and maybe use less risky methods to divine their route the next time.
I think that my previous predication will come true and that that bison, who thought it was a log (not a rock) will get gobbled up post-haste in a few seconds.
I think the animal that walked on the unknown item in the water will get eaten by the crocodile
I think the log will roll over
