The case will open and her new partner will come out and happily greet her. They'll haul the other one away.
She will unpack her new sex toy and have the best time of her life.
The new sex toy will take her rock climbing and kill her.
Her new robot steps out of the box and is beautiful to her liking at first.
The woman will let the new robot out of the box.
I predict that the delivery person will bring the new robot in the lady's apartment. The lady will open the box and turn the new robot on and then instantly fall in love.
The woman opens the box.
She will sigh for her new husband.
I think she will open the package turn on her new boyfriend and will not be satisfied with him.
She will at first love the looks and the way this new unit act, but it won't last for long as he starts to get too aggressive.
The new unit will come out of the box and it will be nothing like the woman is expecting it to be.
The woman will open the box with her new robotic boyfriend.
she will unpack her upgrade and still not be happy
the new robot boyfriend will be delivered and the woman is going to be excited to "meet" him
They deliver her a new robot and pick up the old she did not want.
I think she will open and interact with the new robot.
She's going to sign off on the package which is her new boyfriend.
I think she will at first be very happy with the new unit.
She will get the new robot set up.
The new humanoid arrives, and the woman proceeds to activate him
The new boyfriend robot will come out of the box.
The woman will sign for her new Robot man and take it in her home and return the old robot.
Women signs for the delivery of the new robot boyfriend and opens the box with the new boyfriend.
someone will take the box inside and she will open it after signing for it.
She will get her new robot out of the box and they will be happy.
The woman will take delivery of the new unit and open it up.
The delivery person will have delivered the wrong unit to the woman.
She's going to sign for delivery and then she's going to open up the box
The woman will sign for her new boyfriend and open the box to be very satisfied with the product.
The woman will open the box and see her new boyfriend and some time will pass and she will realize that she will always find a flaw in her robot boyfriends.
Her newly ordered robot is initiated .
She will bring the box inside and unpack her new robot.
The new boyfriend is dropped off at her place.
the female order has arrived, she will use it on the male
