She'll try to flip the switch, but he'll grab her hand before she can and uuuh, kill her? Maybe?
She'll flip the switch and he'll turn off.
She will turn her boy toy off and buy a new one at Walmart.
She will push the button on his neck and turn him off.
she will flip the switch and shut him off, thus indicating the man is a cyborg.
I predict that the man will turn the switch to "off" and the woman will turn into a nicer version of herself who treats the man well.
I predict that the man will flip the switch and the lady, who is possibly a robot, will shut down.
She flips the switch on his neck.
They will move to the bedroom.
I think she will flip the switch and he will turn off.
I think her boyfriend will stab her with a knife.
The woman will flip the switch down and the man will collapse.
The woman will flip the switch on the back of her boyfriend's neck.
she will flip the switch and reset her boyfriends memory
the woman is going to turn off (kill) the man by flipping the switch on his neck
Huh interesting she is about to turn off her husband who is a machine looks like.
I think she will flip the switch on the man.
I think they will start getting intimate.
She's going to turn the switch off and start crying.
Wow.... I'm thinking he is her experimental robot and she is about to turn him on.
She will flip the switch. They will make love.
The woman will deactivate what appears to be a humanoid
I believe the woman will turn off the button that powers the man.
The woman will turn the man robot off
Woman examines the switch on the back of the man and then gets up and sits down at her side of the table.
she will stop herself and don't move the switch
He is a robot and she will power him off.
The woman will turn the off switch on the back of the man's neck
The man will prevent the woman from touching the switch on the back of his neck.
She's going to switch him off obviously
The girlfriend will shut off her boyfriend and turn him bac on again so he could forget what just happened and they will start the night over.
The control button is altered to affect the responses of the male.
She will flip the switch in his neck and he will power down.
The boyfriend has an "on/off" switch and she is going to turn him off
the female will press the button at the back of the male
