The wildabeast will continue to guess.
I think the log will be an alligator and eat the closest water buffalo.
Or maybe it's actually a log, but another predator, like a lion or something, will come up behind them and eat them instead.
The cows will enter the water to see if that is a log or not
The sheep will continue to discuss the island.
The bulls take a drink of water and leave.
The log will rise up from the water
I think the thing in the water is an alligator, and will come out of the water.
The buffalo want to cross the river and decide to use the log.
The buffalo want to cook alligator.
One of the animals will step into the water to check it out.
I think the animals will go in the water.
The main characters will try to see what the object in the water is.
I think they will keep arguing about whether it is a alligator or a log in the water
I think the "thing" will pop up out of the water and be something completely different than what they predicted.
One of them will think about another animal or object.
I think that the alligator or log will move.
The alligator will raise his head.
I think an alligator might poke it's head up out of the water.
The log will surface and prove that it's a crocodile next.
I think they will argue back and forth.
One of the oxen will try to cross the river.
I think they will get attacked by an alligator.
The cows will continue to have a discussion.
The cows will try to cross the water
I believe that one of the animals will try to jump on the object.
I think alligator will appear in a water.
I think a log will appear in a water
There will be a light bulb that pops up in the first ox thought. He will kick in a stone to see if the log moves.
Animals will enter the river
An alligator will appear
It will be a log in the water
Something is going to pop out of the water.
I think a crocodile will come out of the water.
I predict that the cow on the left will step into the water.
They will move away because they aren't sure if there is danger
I think the crocodile will try to attack the other animals.
The animals find out what is under the water.
The two will check if it is alive or not.
I think one of the animals will jump to the island.
I believe a crocodile will appear.
I think it is an alligator and it will pop up its head out of water.
it is a log and they jump in
I think an alligator will pop up out of the water and the buffalo will run away.
I think the other animal will disagree with it being a log and try and pounce on it.
I predict an alligator will snap at the ox.
The animal will find a stick to put in the water to cross to the island.
I think one of the bison will make a move and try to step on the object in front of them.
The first wildebeest will try to cross the alligator and get eaten.
I think the animal that thinks it is a log will step into the water.
I think they animals will say "crocodile" and "log" back and forth several times.
One of the wildebeest will jump on the thing in the water.
a crocodile is going to come out
I predict that the water buffalos will argue about whether it's a log or not. I think that the first water buffalo will want to prove that it is right.
The cows will mess with the alligator.
I think the left animal will try to prove that it's an alligator in the water by throwing things at it.
I think one of the bulls will try to jump on the unknown item.
I think one of the bulls will try to drink from the water.
the alligator will pop up.
The water buffalo will continue to argue.
The animal will eat the alligator (crocodile?)
A crocodile will poke its head.
The bull will drink from the water.
The alligator will pop out of the water and look at them, followed by them running cartoon style.
The other cow will reply with a thought bubble.
the croc attacks
I think the animals will decide on how to cross the water
the two animals will continue to argue over what the thing floating in the water really is.
COW WILL JUMP IN WATER.
I think that the object in the water is going to turn into a crocodile and eat the animals on the shoreline.
crocodile will appear
I think that the cow will eat some grass.
i think both cows will get up and dance.
I think one of the animals will hop on the log/crocodile.
I think one of the animals will reach out and tap the object.
I predict that an alligator will surface.
I think they will investigate to see if it is a crocodile.
The other animal will respond.
The object in the water will move.
A monster will eat one of the cows
I think the wildebeest is going to splash water on the crocodile and then the crocodile will eat the wildebeest.
The animals will try to go into the water and find out it is an crocodile.
I think it will eat them
The cow will likely step on it to check if it's a log of wood or a crocodile
The two animals are going to keep arguing with each other.
I think one of the two animals will attempt to enter the water.
One of the bull will try to confirm if it's really a log of wood
the buffalo will check to see what the object in the water is
I predict in the next 30 seconds a crocodile will most likely eat one of the cows.
I think a crocodile will come out of the water
I think the alligator will jump out the water and eat one of the animals
I think the cows will attempt to ride the alligator across the water.
I think the alligator will attempt to eat the cows.
The bulls will have more ideas about the mysterious object.
One of the sheep will tap the foreign object.
The gator will pop out of the water
I think there will be a alligator that comes out of of the water. It might just be a a log in the water that is floating.
There may be a log that is floating pass.
I think the animals will continue to talk.
I believe that the animals will try to figure out what to do with that suspicious figure in the water.
An alligator will snap at the oxen
I think the log/crocodile in the water will reveal itself either by rolling or growling at the buffalo.
I think one of the buffaloes will step on the log/crocodile to determine which one it is
I believe they will keep trying to guess what the object in the water is.
The two animals continue to have a discussion over whether the object in the water is a crocodile or a rock.
They will continue going back and forth between what it may be.
I think the buffalo will go into the water and see what the shape is.
I think one of the two main character animals will get eaten.
the water buffalo will get eaten by the crocodile
It is a crocodile/aligator and it will eat one of the animals.
one of the ox will try to cross the water.
A crocodile will jump out and bite the buffalo
I think an alligator will pop his head up and scare the buffalo away.
I think that a crocodile will attack the animals.
the animals will continue to disagree with each other
I think something will jump out at the animals from the water
I think an alligator will jump out of the water at the two buffalo/ox/animals.
I think the animals will touch the thing in the water to see what it is;
I think one of the cows is going to touch it to see what it is.
The animal on the right will throw something at the object in the water.
I think the buffalo will continue to argue about what the thing in the water is.
One of the cows will try to step on the object in the water.
The wildebeest will decide not to cross the river.
They will enter the water
The one that thought it's just a log will step on it.
The two cows will argue about whether its a cow or log
the "log" is a crocodile! it's gonna eat one of those gnu (or whatever they are)
I think the alligator will come up and attack the bulls.
One of the cows will step into the water and get eaten by the alligator.
The crocodile will eat the animal that says it's a log
It will be a log
I think one of the animals will test to see what the object is by throwing something at it.
A crocodile will come out of the water to try to bite the animals.
It is an alligator.
The cattle will sniff the alligator.
I think an alligator will pop out of the water.
i think the one of the characters will be eaten by the crocodile
The two animals on the screen will get bitten by an alligator.
I think a crocodile will pop out of the water
I think it's a log and it will not move.
the animals will throw something into the water
the wildebeest is going to tap it
The alligator will jump out and try to bite the buffalo by the water.
i think the bison will toss a rock at the crocodile and poke it with a stick!
The oxen will step into the water.
I think the bulls will step into the water and it will be a crocodile.
One of the animals will jump onto what they think is a log.
The buffalo will continue to argue whether the shape in the water is a croc or a log
The animals will attempt to cross the river
The animals will communicate with each other
the beast jumps on the object
The wildebeest will keep arguing about whether it is a log or a alligator
A crocodile will attack the water buffalo.
The animal will poke at the object in the water.
The yak is going to be eaten by a crocodile
one of the bulls will jump on the rock
The wilderbeast will find a stick to poke the crocodile with.
I think an crocodile with jump out of the water to attack the buffalo.
I think the moose will jump on top of the log.
It's a gator
They will argue more about if it's a log or alligator.
They will check/test to see if it's a log or alligator.
The cow on the left will picture a rock and the other cow will shake its head. Then the object in the water will move or make a noise of some sort.
An alligator will lift its head out of the water.
Bubbles will start to come up out of the water.
I think it's an alligator and believe it will jump up and scare the elk.
The animals will jump upon themselves.
The animals will fight.
I think the main characters will run away from what looks to be a dangerous alligator in the water.
i think the animals will try to look for a way to pursue the crocodile
One of the cows will jump onto the object in the river, and realise whether it is a log or a crocodile.
One of the cows will try to walk on the crocodile, thinking it's a log. The crocodile will then rise up out of the water and show it's face.
i think that a crocodile will appear out of the water
One of the animals will step onto the item in the water to see what is and it will be a crocodile.
A crocodile will pop out and they will all scarper.
I think one of the wildebeest will be eaten by a croc.
I think the animals will continue to argue whether the thing in the water is an alligator or a log.
the crocodile will peak his eyes out of the water
the first animal will jump on the rock in front of it
Anther animal will join
A crocodile will attack the bulls.
The buffalo would attempt to drink water from the river
I think the animals are deciding the best way to get across to the other side on the rock, they are going to either come up with the idea of using something they could walk on, like a log and use that object to get across.
I think they are thirsty, i believe that since they are worrying about the crocodile being in the water, they are deciding whether or not they will take the risk to drink the water.
I think the animals are deciding whether or not to cross, i believe that there is indeed a crocodile in the water and within the next 30 seconds the animals will either decide to step over or dunk their faces in and take a drink and come face to face with the crocodile.
I think there is a crocodile in the water and one of the animals will jump onto it
I think an alligator/crocodile will lift its head out from the water
The bison are in heated debate whether that is a rock or a croc; one silly bison will choose the former and get swallowed up nicely by the hungry reptile. The rest will choose a much safer path across the river.
I think the unknown thing in the water will be a crocodile, and jump out towards the animals.
i think a crocodile will jump out of the water
