The man will record the event on a tape recorder.
The male character will get up from the table.
I think that the man will continue to act calmly to his girlfriend.
He takes out a gun and shoots her.
He picks up his plate and throws it.
He walks away from the table.
Man smokes a cigarette
He's going to leave
I believe the man will take out a cigarette to smoke.
He is going to pull out a ring box.
I think the man will start screaming at the woman in anger.
I think that the man will be become aggressive and hit the woman.
The man will respond by leaving the dinner.
The couple will have an argument about him not relaxing.
I couldn't tell what it was he took out but by the look on her face its either a gun, or something that she wont like.
MAN DRYS HIMSELF.
I think the boyfriend will display what is in his hand and remain the same as he was before.
He bought her a gift and is going to give it to her.
The man will take out a cigarette and light it.
The man will take some kind of pill.
The man will take out a gift for the woman.
He pulls out a gun on her and threatens her life with it.
She may grow even more offended as the man ignores his girlfriend.
The boyfriend is going to get up and storm away from the table.
he will attack her
He will get back at her and will break stuff
The man is going to argue that he does not want to relax because he is happy with who he is.
He will threaten her.
i think the man will smoke a cigarrete
i think the man will shoot the girl
i think the man will pull out a hankerchief
Boyfriend wipes the wine off his face and storms out the room.
He lights himself on fire.
He will light a cigarette/cigar and calmly explain why she is wrong. Then she will walk off in anger.
He will get up and throw the dinner
He's going to record her outburst on his little machine there.
I think he was about to pull out a ring box and propose to her on their anniversary.
I think he was going to hand her something that he had been waiting to give her, maybe the being on call was just a coy plan to surprise her.
