She told the operator that she is unhappy with the model she has and that he lacks ambition. The operator asks if the would like an upgrade and she chooses a rock climbing masseuse with stubble and shorter hair than the one in the catalogue. There is a knock at the door, she peeps, and there is a delivery woman with a large box from the robotics company. 
The girlfriend picks a new model of robot boyfriend.  She says she wants a rock climber boyfriend, hesitates, then says no actually a masseuse boyfriend, then hesitates again and asks if it can be a rock climbing masseuse boyfriend. u201cLike in the pictureu201d the girlfriend confirms.   The customer service rep asks if she wants any specific changes to the guy in the picture. Girlfriend requests less facial hair, something about hair length, and that it be blonder.  
The woman continues to talk on the phone, specifying the new model of robot that she wants. undecided between a rock-climber and a masseuse, she asks for both. She also specifies it to have less facial hair and shorter hair. The scene then cuts to the new model being delivered.  
The woman orders a new version robot from Prometheus Robotics, and describes she wants a rock climbing sporty masseuse with short hair in which the technical division then sends her order, end of scene.  New scene - The doorbell rings, the woman looks through the peep hole and opens, to which the delivery woman from Prometheus Robotics is standing there with the crate.
The woman phones up the robotic company, asking to replace her model with another one, as she says the one she has lacks ambition, the woman says that is a problem with that model.nSo the woman orders another model, and asks if he could have shorter hair. After a while the doorbell rings, a woman with a clipbooard is standing on the doorstep, behind her a man is putting down a very large delivery box from the robotics company.
The lady rings up a help line for robotic and orders a much fitter rock climbing masseur.  There's a knock at the door and a delivery arrives in a small package
The woman talks to the robotics service over the phone, she says she wants a newer updated model, something more sporty. She orders the new model like the one on the computer screen but customizes it a little bit. She wants one with no beard and shorter hair, she wants a rock climber masseuse. It flips to the next scene of somebody knocking on the door, she opens it and its the robot company with a big box, probably her new model.
The lady orders her upgrade robot - model . She asks for a rockclimbing masseur and asks for one like we saw in the picture but specifies no beard and blond hair. The door bell rings and we see a blonde lady with her hair tied up holding a clip board to check the delivery and we see a large box unloaded behind her.
The woman orders a replacement robot--a rock-climbing masseuse with a five o'clock shadow, which seems like it could satisfy her deepest, moist womanly urges.
She sees a man online she likes.  She calls the robot company and places an order for a rock climber massage type with short blonde hair and five oclock shadow.  She tells them her current model lacks ambition.   The door bell rings and a lady is outside with a large box.
She went of customer service and complained that her robot lacked ambition and wanted something better. She ordered and guy that is a massager and a rock climber. The order came in a box at her door brought by a lady.
The woman chats with the robotics helpline and requests a higher model of robot, specifically a 'rock climbing masseuse, with a five o'clock shadow and short hair'. A moment later there is a knock at the door and a delivery woman is seen delivering the new model as requested. It is in a large box with the company logo on.
so she calls the company and complains about her robot bf being an older model and the rep says they can upgrade her to a new one since the old one has a romantic malfunction, so she customises a handsome ideal man and then the next day there's a knock at the door and a delivery woman is outside
Shes describing to the operator at the robotic company what she wants and she says a sportier model! Then she says oh, a masseuse and then the lady says a rockclimbing masseuse? And she says oh yes, but no beard just a 5 oclock shadow and make him blonde. She is ordering a man like you order an appliance, then the lady shows up at her door with a big box 
She kept talking on the phone telling her features she wanted like blonde shorter hair a massuse then a loud knocking happened and the delivery came with a women and a box where the robot is inside
The lady puts in a bluetooth headset and goes on a call with the 'Prometeus Robotics' company. She says that her robot lacks ambition, and the person on the line says that that is a common problem with the model (100 series) of robot that the lady has. The lady asked for one which is a bit sportier, for example a rock climber, and also a masseuse. She asks that it has a shorter beard, for example a 5 o'clock shadow and shorter hair. The screen cuts to black, and there is a knock at the lady's door. A lady with blonde hair is outside with a delivery that says 'Prometeus Robotics' on the package which is very large.
The girlfriend character gets on the phone with the robotic company that she bought the boyfriend robot from. She tells the person who works for the robotic company that she's unsatisfied with her current robot and wants a replacement. She then tells the employee the type of replacement unit that she wants. The scene transitioned with a loud bang. It was the robotics company delivery people with her new package.
The woman phones the number on the website and a customer service agent answers the phone. The woman says that she is unhappy with her current model. The agent asks what the problem is and the woman says that it lacks ambition. The agent asks what model the woman has and she says the 100 model. The agent agrees that this is a common malfunction with this model and asks if it would help if she were upgraded to a newer model. The woman says yes. The agent asks if she had any model that she would prefer and the woman says that she wants a mountain climber. She changes her mind and says a masseuse. She changes her mind again and asks for a mountain climbing masseuse. She then asks for them to have no beard, but only have a 5 o clock shadow. She also asks for shorter hair that's blond. The scene changes to a loud knock on the door. The woman looks through the peephole and then opens the door. A blonde woman is standing outside wearing a light brown jumpsuit. She is holding a clipboard and has a large box from the website next to her.
The woman is on the phone to the Customer Services of Prometus Robotics, describing what she wants from the next unit (having complained that her current 100 series 'lacks ambition'). She's looking at a 300-series model, asking for a rock-climbing masseuse, but asks for shorter hair and less facial hair than the picture she's seen online (she asks for one with a 'five o'clock shadow'. The camera pans out, then there's an abrupt loud knock on the door - it's a delivery from Prometus Robotics, presumably with her new 300 series robot.
She then went to his laptop started looking for robots called and  was asked why she needed it she answered and a knock came on the door and they were there at her adress
The woman puts on an ear piece and dials the robotics companies support line.nThe female character then reports a problem with her current robot.nThe female character asks for a different model and describes her preferences.nThere is a knock at the door and when the female character opens the door a large crate if wheeled up and dropped on the floor.
She decided that she wanted a robotic lover that was an adventurer as well as a masseuse but she kept on describing how she wanted the robot to look like. She heard a loud knock at her front door and opened it up after looking through the peep hole. She opened the door for a blond lady and another that was wheeling that new boyfriend to the door. 
the woman talks over the phone with the representative and orders a new robot that she likes more
The woman continues to describe over the phone what her ideal new model will have, getting as granular as specifying his hair and beard length and occupations hobbies. The scene cuts to a delivery person knocking on her door, arriving with the new model that she's ordered. The delivery person drops the box heavily to the floor. 
the woman asks for a rock climber masseuse while browsing the robotics page on the laptop with short hair, a woman arrives with a large parcel labelled robotics
The woman speaks to tech support at the robot boyfriend company. She specifies what kind of problems she's having with her current boyfriend and what she would like. She specifies about the new boyfriend's career, personality, facial hair, and more. Then, she opens the door to a delivery from the robotics company.
The woman phones customer support and asks to upgrade her unit. She asks for a rock climbing masseuse. The door then knocks and a delivery women is there with her new unit in a box.
The woman continued to describe what she wanted her robot man to be like, before in the next scene it showed a delivery arriving, which is presumably the new robot.
she is speaking to the robotics help line and is requesting what she wants her new robot boyfriend to look like.nThe new package arrives at her door and is delivered.
she rang the robot company and explained she was not satisficed with the robot that she has she said he has no ambition, they said would you be happy with an upgrade she was happy about this she asked for a rock climbing misuse, with 5oclock shadow and blonder hair, next thing the door bell rang she opened the door and it was her knew robot being delivered.  
