After the woman had run into the elevator and hollered out to the two blonde woman with the older model wait! and gave the old model a kiss and took his wedding band off, she had run inside and put the ring on the left fourth finger on the new models left hand and laid his hand down gently on the napkin at the table her and the older model were previously sitting at in earlier scenes. She turns him on, and runs back to her seat and waits for him to power up. After he does, they engage in some conversation and she says want some wine dear? and he says no, I have a big lineup for tomorrow, he also comments the asparagus is very tender and she smiles, and then he says the same quote she said to the older model about asparagus, and she smiles even bigger and says hmm who says that? and he gives her response she said in earlier scenes oh just people, and gives her a smirk. He gets up from his seat and goes behind her to massage her neck and says how was your day dear? and she replies oh I went into town...meanwhile she has a look of shock and satisfaction about what he asked and what he is doing. 
The new robot sits at the table and starts eating dinner. He says the asparagus is tender and that some people say that it is an aphrodisiac. He then gets up and goes the the other end of the table where the woman is and starts massaging her shoulders and asking her how her days was. She says she went into town to pick something up. 
The man begins to eat his food. The woman offers him wine and he declines because he has a big climb to do tomorrow. The man then begins to repeat what the woman said to her old boyfriend. He says that asparagus is an aphrodisiac and then walks over to her and begins to rub her shoulders and asks what she did that day.
The new robot man eats some asparagus and says 'you know they say its an aphrodisiac'.  The woman asks who says and he replies 'just people'.  The man stands up and walks behind the woman and starts massaging her shoulders.  The woman looks pleased.  The man asks her how her day was and she says she went into town while he continues to massage her shoulders.
The male robot complements the woman on the asparagus and then says its an aphrodisiac. He then moves over behind her and gives her a massage while asking about her day.
The woman sets the table. It's the same dinner scene before, like dejavu, only this time with a different robot boyfriend. The scene plays out similar to before, except this time, the robot boyfriend takes much more of an interest in the woman and seems to have much more of a sexual appetite. He compliments the asparagus the woman made, claiming it's an aphrodesiac, and suddenly gets up and stands behind the seated woman. He gently places his hands onto her shoulders and asks her about her day. He massages her shoulders. The woman seems caught off guard about all the affection she is being shown, a far cry from her previous robot boyfriend.
The new robot husband tells the woman that people say that asparagus is an aphrodisiac. She smiles and asks who says that. He says just people. The robot husband then stands and walks around the table until he is standing behind the woman. He begins the massage her shoulders and asks her about her say. She begins to answer him. 
The woman turns on the robot and sits down to dinner like nothing ever happened. She offers the new boy toy a drink and he refuses (like the previous model) because he says he has an important rock climb tomorrow. Then, the new robot seductively eats a piece of asparagus as he says that asparagus is an aphrodisiac (the same line the woman said at the beginning of the video). The woman smiles and the new robot walks over to her and starts giving her a massage. The woman smiles and looks pleased.
The new robot man compliments the woman's asparagus and told her the same thing as she told her old robot man about the asparagus being an aphrodisiac. She seemed satisfied with this response. The new robot man takes his last bite, gets up from the table, and goes to stand behind the woman. He proceeds to give her a shoulder massage and asks her how was her day.
the new robot eat's the food and repeats what the woman has said in the beginning to her ex boyfriend and that caught her off gaurd then he gets up grips her shoulders and asks how her day was.
The woman gives the old model a last kiss and switches the wedding ring to the new model and turns him on. They proceed to eat. She offers him wine but he says no, and then repeats her speech about asparagus being an aphrodisiac and then goes over to her.
The conversation over dinner starts the same way as before, where the man notes that the asparagus is very tender. The woman, resigned to history repeating itself simply agrees. This time, the man comments that it's considered an aphrodisiac and eats it suggestibly. He then gets up from the table, stands behind the woman and starts rubbing her shoulders whilst asking about her day. She explains that she went into town to pick up some stuff, but her body language makes it clear that she is enjoying his attention.
When the new robotic man came alive, he started to eat. She offered him whine, but he objected saying he has a big climb the following day. He then went on to compliment her food and said it's an aphrodisiac. Immediately she heard that, she felt relieved and happy that this new robotic man is a bit naughty. She asked him where he heard that and he stood up, walked to her and gave her a shoulder rub while asking how her day went. She felt so relieved and sensual with his touch and started to tell him about her day.
It is the first dinner with the new robot arrival, they seem to be getting along better than the previous, he is flirty and attentive
The new boyfriend mirrors the earlier conversation about asparagus as an aphrodisiac, but in reverse - i.e. he says it, and the woman asks who says that?. The new boyfriend gets up and walks behind her, putting his hands on her shoulders and asks her how her day was. There is some ominous humming music and she starts to answer.
The new male robot says that the asparagus is very tender and she replies with a faint yes dear. The new man says that people say asparagus is an aphrodisiac. She looks at him with wonder, he then gets up from his seat and walks towards her. He starts massaging her shoulders and asks her about her day. She then proceeds to tell him about her day.  
as they wheel the old model away, the girl runs after them and kisses the old one on the lips, then removes his wedding ring. She puts it on the new model. He starts to waken and eats his dinner. she asks him if he wants wine but he says no as he has a big day of climbing tomorrow. He said that asparagus is said to be aphrodisiac. He goes up to her and massages her shoulders and asks her what sort of day she has had. She said that she did nothing much, just went into town to get a few things.
he states the asparagus is tender and that its an aphrodisaic, and reverses the same conversation she had with the prior model. Then stands and walks behind her to massage her, whilst asking her how her day has been
The new robot is eating the asparagus and says it is very tender. The female character nods and smiles to herself. The male character then says its an aphrodisiac you know? The female character asks who says? The male character replies I don't know...people. The male character then gets up from the table and walks towards the female. He puts his hands on her shoulders and starts rubbing them. He asks so, how was your day dear? She sighs and smiles to herself enjoying the massage. 
He eats a bit of asparagus and comments that it's a known aphrodisiac. She asks who says that. He says just people and gets up from the table to stand behind her. He starts giving her a shoulder massage and asks about her day.
The robot said that the asparagus is very tender and that some people say it is an aphrodisiac.  This is the same as what the woman said to the previous robot.  She recognised this and smiled.  He then went over to her, started to give her a shoulder massage and asked her how her day was.  She said it was okay, she went to town to pick up some stuff.
The new droid start to eat and says that asparagus is an aphrodesiac (the same line that the original droid had used). They briefly discuss this. He then walks over behind the woman and starts to massage her shoulders and neck, while asking her how her day was. She starts to answer. 
He started with the They say its an aphrodisiac about the asparagus.  She said, who does, he said It's just what people say.  Then he gets up and walks over to her and putting his hands on her shoulders asks Tell me about your day dear.  She replies with Oh, went to town to pick up some stuff as he rubs her shoulders.
He says the asparagus is an aphrodisiac just like she said earlier to the old robot. Then he got up and massaged her shoulders and asked her to tell him about her day. 
They have dinner but this robot is more attentive 
The new robot sits and eats dinner and the woman is shoked when he says the exact same thing as the older bot about dinner
The woman is having a meal with the new robot.He gets up and massages her .
Before the android company can cart off her last model, she removes the ring from its finger and places the wedding ring on the new model. She turns on the new model finally and the scene repeats a similar scenario, the two having a romantic dinner together. nnThe new model comments on the meal like the old one. Again, the woman offers wine and the android refuses, claiming it has work tomorrow. The android comments the asparagus is tender and an aphrodisiac, exactly like the model before. The woman is clearly disappointed by the lack of a new reaction until the android stands up and begins massaging her shoulders. The android repeats an identical line, asking her about her day, and she responds generically. The movie continues to be an incredible bore.
This keeps getting weirder. So, she basically turns the robot on and they're sitting at the table, as if they're restarting the same scene from the beginning of this. How fast did these people deliver this thing? I thought there was a delay. Anyway, he takes a bite of asparagus and says it's an aphrodisiac. He says it just the way she'd said it before - that it's just something people say. He gets up, walks behind her, starts rubbing her shoulders, and asks her to tell him about her day. She just starts rambling off some boring stuff... I wonder if they're going to talk about robot #? It was always pretty creepy, like he'd be programmed to read her mind.
When they take away the old robot the woman gives him a goodbye kiss and  takes off his wedding ring and then put it on the new robot and switches him on. They start eating the meal as before and she offers the new robot a glass of wine like she did previously but he turns it down as has a big rock climb tomorrow. The woman seems disappointed but then the new robot says he likes the asparagus and that it is an aphrodisiac and comes round and starts massaging her shoulders which pleases her.
