After turning off the robot boyfriend, the woman goes on her laptop and goes on a robot purchasing website and seems to be looking for a new boyfriend. She then calls the phone number listed on the website and seems like she is going to order herself a new robot man.
The last scene ends with the woman at the end of the table, legs on the table and she says 'happy anniversary' to the robot boyfriend she has turned off. The scene cuts to her on her laptop looking at a robotic boyfriend website and browsing throuh the robots available. She lands on one called 'Paul' , and smiles to herself. She then calls a number and gets put through to their technical support, she says 'hi'. 
She says happy anniversary, and the camera turns to her husband whose eyes are open but he seems switched off. She has a her feet on the table with her apple laptop open. She goes onto a web page titled Prometheus robotics, puts earphone in and dials technical support, who greet her customarily
she went over to him to apologize and gave him a big hug. she started rubbing his neck and then, switched him off using the button in the back of his neck. she then went online and appears to be shopping for another man.
The woman sarcastically says Happy anniversary to the robot. She then goes on her laptop and browses other male robotic models. She comes accross one she likes and calls the robotics company. 
The woman gets up from the table and sits in front of her laptop. She goes to a website for the robotics company she apparently purchased the man from and calls the support number.
The man looks hurt following the woman's comments. She apologies and comforts him. Whilst hugging him, they camera shows a switch on the back of the man's neck. The woman switches it off and he powers down. She then goes onto a website to find a new robot and calls the sales department. 
The woman, after turning off the robot, goes into the other room and browses a website with other models.  She selects one, and then calls an 800-number to apparently order a new model.
After turning off her man the woman then goes into another room and gets on a computer. She goes to a site that has robot men and then puts her headset device on her her and makes a call to the robotics company.
She says happy anniversary to her boyfriend who is slumped over.  She then goes to a website advertising robotics.  She put in an earbud and dials a helpline number
She sits back down at the table and sarcastically says happy anniversary. In the next scene she's on her laptop looking at a website called Prometheus Robotics which has pictures of a bunch of handsome men, presumably also robots on it, she selects one of them, then calls a phone number. The woman on the other end of the phone says that she is technical support for Prometheus Robotics.
the lady sat at her seat and started looking on a computer at male robots and rang the number for the business 
The woman said happy anniversary and then got on her laptop and went to a robot website. She found a contact number and called. The call was answered by technical support.
the woman sits at the table for a second and then she is in a different room on a computer. she is on a website that looks like its for robot boyfriends. she looks into the other room and the robot boyfriend is still shut off sitting at the dining room table. she calls the number that is on the website. she is looking at a new robot man model named paul. the number that she callls and its a woman and she says - welcome to support, how may i help you
She goes back to her chair after turning the boyfriend of and whispers Happy anniversary then the next scene she is on her computer looking and the boyfriend from across the living room. She is searching for other robots, then she finds one she might like and it seems like she is on a call now to order it.
The girl decides that she would like to order a new robot so she goes on the website and calls a number in order to order one. Seems like she has grew tired of her current robot.
happy anniversary she declares. cut to her on her laptop in the other roomlooking up a robotics website, she keeps an eye on her robot man while browsing between new robot men that might take her fancy. she smirks at one model on the site, then puts in an earpiece to call the robotics company. 
The woman accesses her MacBook and browses a website that sells robots. She then dials a number and talks to technical support.
The woman says u00cf'm sorry, I'm sorry, and walks over to the man. She sits on his lap and says u00cf didn't mean it, and strokes his hair. She then puts down what looks like a switch which is at the back of the man's head and the man slouches over. She then gets up and goes back to her seat takes her MacBook and searches for something, the word Robotics is on the screen. She searches for male robotics and then takes an earpiece and dials a number, a lady answers.
The lady goes onto her computer to search for a new robot, once she found one she picks up the phone and called the company. 
She goes on her computer and browses other male robot models and finds one she's attracted to. She then calls the service line.
The woman goes on the laptop and goes onto a site about robotics, she views the fake male robot, she then dials a hipline for this website.
After we discovered that the man was a robot, and she turned off a switch on the back of his neck, the woman goes online and looks at another robot man model. She calls the number as if she is going to order a new one.
After sitting back down she then went on her computer on to the Robotics site and started looking at men pictures ,she looked over to the robot in the chair with a guilty look .Then she clicked on one man and dialed a number and a voice said technical support.
After flipping a switch to turn the male robotic off, the woman says Happy Anniversary after returning to her seat. She then logs onto a robotics website and looks at models of male robotics. She then call the number and says Hi.
The woman wishes the man who is apparently a robot a happy anniversary and steps into another room to go on her computer. The man robot she was having dinner with still appears to be switched off at the dinner table in the other room. The woman is looking at a website which appears to show models of different male robots, one in particular seems to catch her eye and she phones a support line presumably to talk about the robots.
The woman sits down staring at her now switched off partner and frowns mumbling happy anniversary. She then goes on her laptop and browses on a page with presumably other mechanical boyfriends. She calls the company number. 
She goes on her laptop and goes to what looks like the website of the robotic company. She looks at her husband robot longingly and starts to browse through different models on the website. She finds one she seems to like the look of, then puts a headpiece in and calls the technical support phone number. It dials and a woman answers. 
She goes back to her seat and looks at her computer which shows a page of male robots that look like humans. She gazes at the pictures, sees one that she likes and smiles and then decides to make a call. The phone is answered by someone saying you have reached technical support, how may I help you
She says happy anniversary and then goes on to the internet and looks up a robot company. He is still slumped in the chair. She searches through a range of robots and calls the Technical support line where a woman answers. It is unclear if she is about to order a new robot or if she is calling in about her current one.
