A couple is seated at a dinner table at two far ends of the table barely speaking as they eat their meal. The woman tries to pour the man some wine when he stops her with his hand over his wine glass. She says it is their anniversary and he starts to say that she knows he can't drink..
The man and woman are sitting at opposite ends of the table, not talking to each other as they eat their dinner. Classical music plays in the background and candles are lit in the middle of the table. The woman decides to get up, picks up a wine bottle and goes to top up her partners wine glass. To which he says 'not for me dear' and blocks her from topping up the glass. She sits back down and says to him 'you know its our anniversary right?'
A couple, man and woman were siting at a table having a candle lit meal.  The woman stood up to grab something odff the table and the man asked what is it. the woman then said it's our anniversary
the couple are eating. the female got up to pour her partner a glass of wine but he stopped her saying no, not for me. once she sits back down she then reminds him it is their anniversary.
The couple continue to eat in silence. The woman gets up to fill the man's glass with wine, but he refuses it. The woman sits back down and looks a bit anxious. She says it's their anniversary. 
The couple eats quietly. The woman gets up to pour some wine for the man but he declines. She reminds him that it is their anniversary.
A woman and man (presumed husband and wife) are eating at opposite ends of a long dinner table. It's an awkward atmosphere. The woman gets up to offer him wine, but the man refuses. The wife states that it is their anniversary. 
The man and women eat their food silently.  The woman gets up to fill the man's wine glass, but he puts his hand over it, signaling that he doesn't want any.  He tells her he can't drink.
A man and a woman are sitting across a table from one another in a dimly lit room eating a meal on their anniversary. The woman gets up and tries to pour the man some wine but he covers the glass with his hand and begins to say something to the woman.
a man and a women are heating dinner at a long table sat at opposite ends.  The woman picks up the wine bottle and goes to pour the man another glass but he puts his hand over the top of it and says not for me.  The woman goes back to her seat and says but its our anniverary
The couple at in silence for a bit, it seemed kind of awkward and tense. Eventually the woman got up and went to refill the man's wine glass, but he covered it with his hand and said none for me, dear without looking at her. She then reminded him that I was their anniversary.
the lady and the man ate quietly, the woman got up and went over to pour the man a glass of wine, he put his hand over the glass to stop her and said not for me. She walked back to her seat and sat down and said you know its our anniversary
A man and a woman are sitting at opposite ends of a dinner table. They are eating, but not talking. The woman stands and picks up a wine bottle and approaches the man to fill his glass. He covers his glass with his hand and says none for me. The woman returns to her seat and reminds the man that it is their anniversary.
the man and woman keep eating in silence. the woman gets up and walks over to the man. she picks up a bottle of wine and tries to pour some into the mans wine glass. he covers his glass with his hand and says that you know i cant drink dears. she sits back down on her chair and says something that i didnt understand
While the boyfriend was still eating, the girl got up to pour him wine but he rejected it. Then the girl mentioned that it is their anniversary which the boyfriend responded by saying You know I can't drink
The woman proceeded to pour wine into the man's glass. The man placed his hand onto the glass to stop her from pouring the wine into his glass. She then went back and took a seat. He told her that she knows he can't drink.
they are having dinner chewing their potatoes back and forth. the woman gets up and grabs a bottle of beverage and goes to pour it into the man's glass, to which he swiftly puts his hand over the glass, stating not for me, dear. she goes to sit back in her place and reminds him it is their anniversary, to which he replies, you know i don't drink
A man and a woman are seated opposite of each other and are having dinner. They both chew in silence when all of a sudden, the woman gets up, grabs a bottle of wine and is then stopped by the man just as she is about to pour the win into his wine glass. The man says he can't drink.
The man and the woman sitting at the table having dinner, not talking just enjoying their food. The woman then gets up and takes the bottle of wine on the table and proceeds to walk towards the man and attempts to pour in his glass. The man puts his hand over the top of his glass and says Not for me dear. The woman goes back to her seat and as she is putting her napkin over her lap, she says You know it's our anniversary?, and the man answers You know
The two people were eating and the lady gets up, picks up the champagne bottle and tries to fill the mans glass but he puts his hand over the top and reminds her that he cant drink, she then reminds him that it is there anniversary. 
They are both eating their food. The boyfriend is cutting up his food and the girl looks concerned. She then grabs the bottle of wine and comes over to the boyfriend to pour into his glass but he refuses. She then reminds him it's their anniversary. 
The couple continued to eat in silence and you could hear them checking and cutting food. The lady then decides to get up and pour some wine for the man he replies 'not for me dear'. The ;lady reminds them its their anniversary but the man replies 'you know i cant drink'
A couple is sitting at opposite ends of a dining table, eating dinner. They both seem to be very tense and unhappy. The lady gets up and tries to pour some wine into the mans wine glass and he blocks it with his hand. He tells her you know I can't drink.   She says you know it's our anniversary.
They were eating their dinner in silence,then the girl got up and went to pour the man some wine but the man said no.Then the woman sat down again and the man asked about drinking
A couple are eating dinner at a table with candles. The woman moves in to pour the man a glass of wine but he puts his hand over the glass and says Not for me dear. She says, You know it's our anniversary. He says, You know I can't drink.
A couple are having dinner at a long table and are sat at opposite ends to eachother. The woman gets up and asks the man if he would like some wine to which he says no. The woman goes back to her seat and reminds the man that it is their anniversary.
The couple are eating their dinner with the women occasionally glancing up at the man. They're not really making conversation, it's awkward. She notices his empty glass and gets up to refill his glass but he put his hand over his glass to refuse the wine. 
The man and woman continue to eat in silence for a while. It feels a bit awkward and the atmosphere seems tense. She suddenly gets up and picks up the bottle of wine. She goes to pour some in her husbands glass but he says no, u201cnone for me, dear.u201d She seems a bit annoyed and he says how she knows he has to work, so she puts the wine down and sits back down. 
They are eating their dinner when the lady takes the wine bottle over to the man and tries to fill up his glass. He puts his hand over the glass to stop her pouring it. She goes back to her place and sits down and says you know it's our anniversary? He replies you know I can't drink
Continuing to ear dinner, the woman tries to pour him wine, and he declines. She reminds him it is their anniversary but he says he cannot drink.
