As the women workers are wheeling the old husband into the elevator, the wife says, wait. She then goes up to him on the dolly, kisses him quickly on the lips and then removes his wedding band. She then put that same band on the new husband sitting at the table and then reaches around and flips him to on.
She runs over to the door before they take her husband away and gives him a kiss and takes the wedding ring off his finger.  She puts the ring on her new model and switches him on 
The girlfriend says wait please! and runs over to her old boyfriend who is being removed. She gives him a kiss goodbye and removes what looks to be a wedding ring from his hand. She places the ring on to the hand of the new boyfriend.n
The scene starts with the girlfriend getting her robots switched out. She takes the ring off the old unit and puts it on her new unit. The scene ends with her turning her new unit on. 
A new tailor made model arrives. She kisses the old one goodbye and takes off his ring.
The delivery crew are installing the new boyfriend model and removing the old one. Just as they are about to leave, our heroine says, Oh wait, please. and plants a kiss on the old model's lips and removes the weeding band from his ring finger. She places the ring on the finger of the new model, who is now seated at the dinner table in the boyfriend's chair. Then she flicks the switch on the back of his neck to activate him.
She kisses goodbye to the old model and removes his wedding ring before putting it on the new model.
The workers are wheeling her former robot husband away. She asks them to wait, kisses him on the lips and takes the wedding ring off his finger. She goes over to her new robot husband then places the ring on his finger and turns his switch on.
She sent the robot man she originally had back in exchange for a sportier version. They delivered the new robot and took the old one back. The woman took the ring from the old robot and put it on the ring finger of the new one. 
her new man is delivered and her old one is aken way. Before he leaves, strapped to a board, she kisses him and removed his ring. She then goes back in to the house, switched the new man on and sits down
She hurried back to her old model, that was being carried to the elevator, and kissed him. Then, she removed the ring from his finger and turned the switch on.
The old robot is being taken away and before they leave the woman goes to the old robot and kisses him and removes a wedding ring from his finger. She then places the ring on the new robot and activates the robot using the switch.
TWO WOMEN DROP OF THE NEW ROBOT AND TOOK THE OLD ONE AWAY SHE KISS HIM AND REMOVED THE WEDDING RING AND PUT IT ON THE NEW ROBOT
The delivery agents took her old model of husband away. As they were leaving, the female character asked them to wait. She ran to them, kissed the old model on the lips and then removed his wedding ring. She returned to the table, placing the wedding ring on the new model husband. She reached round to the back of his neck and flicked the switch to power him on.
Two girls are wheeling her old robot out on a dolly.  The woman gives him a kiss before they leave and removes his wedding ring.  She then puts the wedding ring on the new robot's finger, who is now sitting at the dining room table.  The she flips the switch on the new robot to turn him on.  
the woman opened the door as there was a knock from someone and when she opened it there was a lady with the new unit, they went in to take the old one away and before they left the woman shouted wait then she went over and kissed the old unit and took the ring off his finger and sent over and placed it on the new unit.
Knocking on the door which later be the Robbot company who came to pick up the previous Robbot and bring a new one. She kissed the previous Robbot and remove the Ring then put it on the new Robbot and switched it ON.
Women tells the 2 ladies support assistants to wait please as she looks thoughful as the robot exchange process. A new model has been delivered and they are taking away the old one. She kisses the old one goodbye and removes the ring from his arm
She now has the husband that I was descrbing to you about earlier but she asked for him to have a shorter being more stubble like and less hair. She then had the 2 swapped and took the ring off her old robot to put on her new one, but before letting the old one go she kissed him showing she still cares for him. Just before you woke up she just turned the new husband on and then you woke up
The woman looks back at her old model and calls out for the delivery women to wait. She gives it a small kiss on the lips, ad removes the wedding ring from his hand. She then puts the ring on her new model's finger. Finally, she turns the new model on by moving the switch. 
When the delivery ladies were about to take off with the old boyfriend robot the girl told them to wait , she kissed off the robot goodbye , took off the ring and put it on the new delivered robot boyfriend
The woman gives one last kiss to her old boyfriend, before the delivery persons take him away. She takes off the engagement ring from the old boyfriend, The woman places the engagement ring on her new boyfriend!
After recieving the new model the woman looked in utter shock and sadness overcame her face which led her to run to the workers, kiss the old partner   model back and take the wedding ring off of him. Upon returning inside she put the ring on the new one and proceeded to turn it on from the switch,
The girl get a delivery of a new robot, kisses the old one and say goodbye to it, then turns on the new one. She takes a wedding ring off the old robot and puts it on a new one. 
As the two women take the old model away, the woman runs over to the elevator and gives him a kiss. She takes off his wedding ring and then puts it on the finger of the new model. She them powers on the new model. 
Two delivery women deliver the new robot, she pulls down the plastic to see his face. They then take away her old robot boyfriend on a trolley, the woman runs up and says 'wait', she gives him a kiss and takes off his wedding ring. She puts the ring on the new robot and turns him on.
The woman rushes before the reps remove the old unit, kissing it and removing the wedding band which she transfers to the new unit. We also hear the new unit powering on.
Two women come to her door with the new robot man. They wrap up the old one and take him out the door. She says wait [please, then kisses the old robot and takes the ring off his finger. She puts the ring on the new robot and he looks at her.
The woman watches the delivery women wheel her old model out of her apartment, seemingly hesitant before telling them to wait, as if she had a change of mind. They paused, and she hurried out the door, giving him a short final kiss and taking the ring off his finger, before going back in and putting it onto the new model's hand. She then turns the new model on and returns to her seat at the table, watching as he boots up.
The company arrives to take the robot away and deliver the new one. She kisses the old one goodbye and removes its wedding ring. She puts the ring on the new robot which is seated at the table where the other one was. She turns the new one on and sits back at the table again.
