The woman takes the ring off the computer analyst robot that is being returned and she puts it on the rock climber robot now seated at the dining room table where the prior robot was located.  She turns the new rock climber robot on and it begins to activate and eat dinner.  She asks if it would like a glass of wine and it says no thank you I have a big climb tomorrow.  She looks stunned at this response and the scene ends.
The woman places the old wedding ring on the newly arrived robot and switches the robot on while he is seated at the dining table. The new robot comes alive and starts to eat. The woman offers him a glass of wine but the robot declines and says he has a busy day tomorrow.
The woman has put the wedding ring on the finger of her new robot. They've just sat down again for the meal but he has also declined to have a glass of wine.
She slips the ring onto the new robot's hand and they are at dinner. She powers him on. He looks around and then begins to eat with no expression. She asks him if he would like a glass of wine and he says, No thanks, I've got a big climb tomorrow.
The woman puts the wedding ring on the new robots finger. She sits him down and turn the button on. She then sits back at her chair, watching him as his eyes open and focus. He has the same bored expression as the first guy and refuses a drink she offers, saying he has a big climb tomorrow.
She puts the ring on the new model. Switches him on while he is at the table and sits back in her previous seat at the table. He starts to eat and she asks him if he would like a glass of wine. He replies no I've got a big climb tomorrow. 
She is in the middle of receiving her new robot model (the rock climber) and puts a ring on his finger, thus continuing where her old model left off (what speedy service Amazon really upped its game). She once again asks for her robot sex slave to have some wine to which he shuts her down for his big climb tomorrow lol. 
The new robot got delivered and they took the old one away. She gave him a kiss goodbye in the lift and took off the wedding band, placing it on the new boyfriend robot. Once he's activated and the old one is gone, he starts up, adjusts and begins eating. She asked, just like at the start of the movie, 'glass of wine?' and he says 'no, I have a big climb tomorrow'
She puts a ring on the new robot and sits him at the table. She flips his switch on and offers him a glass of wine. He starts getting ready to eat and refuses the wine because he has a big rock climb tomorrow. 
The woman puts the ring on the new man's( robot's) finger, and waits for him to turn on in the same places at the table as shown before. She looks on apprehensively. He comes alive, and starts eating his food. She asks glass of wine?, but he replies similarly to what the previous model said and says no thanks, I have a big climb tomorrow.
As the 2 ladies took the old Robot boyfriend, she switched on the new Robot boyfriend, and she asked him, Would you like to drink some wine? and he said, No, thank you. I have a big day tomorrow.
She puts the wedding ring on his finger then goes to sit down. He then slowly comes to life, puts the napkin in his lap and begins eating. She looks at him and asks if he wants a glass of wine. He says no because he has a big climb tomorrow.
The woman receives her new robot and puts the wedding ring on it. They begin to eat dinner and she ask it if it wants a glass of wine. It says no like the first one did. The lady looks at it shocked.
She turned on the new robot and he started to eat his food. She offered him a glass of wine and he said no, as he has a big climb tomorrow!
The woman turns on the new model robot husband and asks him if he wants a glass of wine. He says no that he has a big climb the next day. 
She puts the ring on and turns on the new model that's arrived. She quickly sits down on her chair and waits for the robot to become fully functional. When it does he grabs the knife and fork and looks to eat. She aks some for some wine and he says no I have to be on call tomorrow. 
So as she put the ring on his finger and sits down to have dinner she turns him on and then sits down. She then ask him if he wants a drink and he says no he has a big climb tomorrow.
The woman puts the ring that she has taken off of her old robotic boyfriend onto the new model. She then flicks the switch to turn him on. We see him come to life and go to start eating food sat at the table. The woman is sat back in her place at the dining table and asks if he would like a glass of wine. He responds that he doesn't as he has a big climb tomorrow.
The new robot starts eating and the woman asks him whether he wants a drink. He says no as he is going climbing tomorrow.
She puts the ring on the finger of the new robot and turns him on. He proceeds to sit at the dinner table and prepares to eat. She asks if he wants a glass of wine and he refuses, stating that he has a big climb tomorrow
She puts the wedding ring of her previous robot onto the finger of the new one before turning him on. We are back in the same environment as before, with them eating dinner at the table. She offers him a drink and he rejects it as he has a big rock climbing session tomorrow.
The lady takes delivery of her new android who is now seated at the dinner table replacing her old model she then places the wedding band from her old android on the new one and then powers him on and he after a couple of seconds adjusting to their new surroundings the new android immediately starts eating the woman then asks expectantly if he would like a glass of wine to which he replies No thanks I've got a big climb tomorrow
She finished sliding the wedding ring onto the new models' finger, and switches him on. She sits in her seat again and watches as he boots up. He places his napkin in his lap and starts to eat dinner as she offers him a glass of wine. He refuses, just as the first model did, citing something important in the morning.
She alides the wedding ring onto his hand and thne goes and sits down at the table. The new machine wakes up, grabs his dinner napkin like never missing a beat. She lookas at him with wonder and asks  Do you want a glass of wine? And low and behold, he too says no. Now rememeber this is what made her snap the first time. This man also turns away a drink because of work
She put the wedding ring on him then powered him on, He started up and put the napkin on and started eating, She asked him if he wanted a glass of wine and he said no thanks ive got a big climb tomorrow.
The girlfriend receives the new model and places the wedding ring on his finger. He is seated at the table for dinner as she powers him up. She asks him whether he would like a glass of wine, to which he declines due to work tomorrow. She looks confused and unhappy.
the woman places a wedding ring on the finger of the new robot who is seated opposite her. she them turns the switch on his neck to the on position. she then asks if he wants a glass of wine. he refuses the offer.
There is a knock at the door and it's the robotic company with the new model, she kisses the old model goodbye and takes back her wedding ring. She puts the ring onto the new model and turns him on. He starts to eat the meal, she offers him a glass of wine and he refuses saying he has a big climb tomorrow.
She got her new robot, she already did her first test, glass of wine? and was not happy with the response 
the robot was replaced with the one requested and she placed the wedding ring she removed from the hand of the formal robot on the finger of the new robot and she turned the robot on, the robot then grabbed the napkin on the table, placed it on laps and continued eating and the woman asked if she should pour him a wine but the robot seems uninterested 
