The woman looks on as the two delivery women unwrap the new robotic man. She appears to be rethinking the choice she made. The delivery women then strap the old robot to a gurney and begin to remove him from the apartment. The woman runs over to them and tells them to please wait.
The new robot is unwrapped by the 2 delivery ladies, then they carry the old robot out on a stretcher. While they're taking him out of the room, the girl follows them and tells them to wait
The woman answers a knock at the door to find that two delivery people from Prometeus Robotics have arrived to deliver her new unit. They begin to remove the plastic surrounding the new unit as the woman gazes upon him. The delivery people then strap her previous model 100 unit to a dolly to cart him away. The woman runs toward them, asking them if they could wait a moment.
the new robot arrived, and looks just like the original one except more rugged and it has facial hair. once the original is wheeled into the lift and ready to go, the woman runs into the lift saying wait please, to say goodbye i think
The woman ordered a new man - a rock climbing masseuse with blonde hair. He was delivered by two women in a box. He was installed at the table. As the previous robot was removed, the woman runs towards him and asks the women taking him away to wait.
The Prometheus Robotics team, comprised of two women, knocks on the woman's door and they have the new model that the woman ordered. The woman begins to unwrap the new model and she realizes that he looks the same as her previous one. The two women are hauling away the old model, who is strapped to a board with wheels, when the woman runs after them.
The two delivery women unwrap the new model and the woman who ordered it stares at it. Then she turns around and looks on as the delivery women remove the previous model on a dolly. She runs after them saying, Wait, please.
The new robot model arrives and she looks at it, the old one is being removed and she runs up to stop - second thoughts maybe and she says wait please...
The old robot gets taken away and the new robot is delivered in packaging. As the old robot gets taken, the woman asks the delivery woman to wait as she rushes towards the old one.
The new robot she ordered is being delivered to her door. They bring the new one into the home and are starting to take the old one out and as they are in the hallway she calls out to the delivery people to tell them to wait. I'm thinking she is having second thoughts.
two female deliver the upgraded robot and partially unpack it showing the face and take out the other robot that is strapped onto a trolley. As they are about to leave with the other robot the woman suddenly looks unsurev and run across and asks that they wait
After unpacking the new robot which looks similar to the old one. The delivery people are taking away the old oone and the woman see's this and decides to run over to them.
There is a knock at the door and when the door is opened two women with a large crate are outside. The women are dressed in uniforms and the crate has Robotics on it. The crate is opened and the new model Paul is in it. They take heavy plastic off Paul. The two women move the old model 100 out of the apartment strapped to a moving dolly. After they get out the door the woman says, 'Wait, wait and runs toward the old model 100. 
The new robot's face is uncovered and the lady looks at it. She sees the old robot being taken away by the two woman and she runs over to them, telling them to please wait. 
She takes the plastic off the head of the new model. Meanwhile, the two delivery women wheel the old boyfriend away on a dolly. She watches him get wheeled into the elevator, then rushes after him, saying, Wait.
The woman is watching while they unwrap her new robot. She turns to watch them wheel her other robot out of the room. She ask them to wait and runs over to him. 
So the new one is partly unwrapped and as the old one is being wheeled out she looks whistfully at him and suddenly calls out wait and goes towards the old original android
the lady orders a new model and soon there is a knock at the door. Two ladies appear with a new model.nThey proceed to take the old model of robot away and it seems the lady feels remorseful.
The woman's new robot arrives, and two delivery people are there to deliver it. As they wheel out her old robot partner, she rushes and asks them to wait. 
The new model arrives and she reveals the robots face, looking at it and then we hear the noise of the previous model being taken away. she looks guilty and rushes over telling the delivery men to wait 
They unwrap the new robot and the woman looks at his new face. Then the old model starts getting wheeled out to be returned and the woman asks them to wait and she runs up to him.
The workers from the robot company unwraps the new model, and the girlfriend seems a little apprehensive and moved by seeing his face. As she stares at the new model, the workers pick up her old boyfriend model, and wheel him out to the elevator. We see the girlfriend with a pained and conflicted expression, and just before the elevator doors close, runs over and exclaims, wait!
There was a knock at the door and the woman answered it to be greeted by two robotic like blonde women dressed in overalls who were delivering the new robotic boyfriend she had ordered. The packaging was pulled down to reveal a similar face to her old model but with a 5 o'clock shadow as she had requested. The woman looked intrigued but quickly got distracted as the delivery women wheeled the old model out the door on an upright trolley. She shouted wait and ran over to the old model as it was being wheeled out of the door. The new model was sitting at the table covered in wrapping with just it's head sticking out.
The woman watches intensly as the new version of her robot man is unwrapped, She looks behind her, seeing that they are taking her old robot husband away. She looks sad, like she thinks what she is doing is wrong. After a few seconds of thinking she runs after the people taking the old robot away and asks them to wait.
A lady makes a call asking for a robotic spec and a few moment later they brought another robot (in human form) for her in exchange with the robot in her possession
There is a knock at the door and two females deliver a new robot but it does look somewhat like her old robot. The two females start to take the old robot away but the girl askes them to wait
The delivery people come in to retrieve the old robot and replace him with the new robot. As they are wheeling the old robot away, a look of regret comes across the woman's face and she runs toward the old robot.
The company knocks on the door to deliver the new robotic partner. They slowly unwrap the plastics and the woman gazes at the new man. They go to wheel away her previous unit and she runs after asking them to stop please. 
The rep asks if she'd like to upgrade to a more advanced model, and she agrees. Any preference? One that's more adventurous. A rock-climber. No... a masseuse.  No, a rock-climbing masseuse. With less facial hair, just 5-o'clock. And shorter hair. In a short while, there's a knock on the door. It is a female representative of the company, with a tall box behind her. Another female rep comes out, and they open the box, revealing a male robot just like she asked for. She smiles and seems attracted and interested. The 2 reps walk into the house, and start packing up the old robot. She looks back, with some remorse on her face. They start taking away the robot, if she looks like she has very mixed feelings, and concern she made a bad decision. Just as the 2 reps are starting to load the old robot into their truck, she tells them quickly to WAIT! She looks at the face of the old robot, and remembers her feelings for him.
some delivery people from the robot company appear at the woman's door to deliver her new partner, they appear to be twins and are robotic looking as well.nnthy put her new husband in a chair and start wheeling her old model off, she appears to be unhappy with them taking him away and runs over to them saying to wait
