The man and the woman continue eating dinner, the man asks the woman who says asparagus is an aphrodisiac.  She responds just people and they continue eating.  The man asks the woman how her day was and she gets up and throws wine on him drenching him in the liquid and she says you're a computer analyst not a surgeon, why can't you relax for once  He reaches into his pocket for an object and pulls it out and the scene ends. 
The man asks the woman How was your day? The woman responds angrily by throwing a glass of wine over the man and says to him You're a computer analyst not a fucking brain surgeon.
The couple are sat down having their meal and the woman has just thrown her glass of wine at the man out of frustration because of how committed he is to work instead of enjoying their meal.
The woman is talking about how the food may be an aphrodesiac, but the man just moves on to asking her how was her day. She reacts and throws her champagne on him and he just stares blankly.
The man asks his girlfriend who says asparagus is an aphrodisiac and she seems quite startled. She replied that this is just what people say. There is a brief silence and the man calmly asks his girlfriend how her day was. She immediately stands up, and throws her drink in his face! She says he is not a surgeon, but only an analyst and can relax and have a drink with her. She is very angry.
The boyfriend asks who says asparagus is an aphrodisiac and she replies just people. She then suddenly gets up in anger and throws the wine she has in a glass in his face. She then says why can't you for once in your life just relax and something is not a surgeon. 
Obviously, the scene is still tense Cleary something is going on. The girl mentions that it is their anniversary while the guy claims he cannot drink. They get into bit of a fight and the girl throws her drink on the guy and swears at him. It seems something underlying is going on between them.  
Well, it escalated. The girlfriend was trying to make some flirty advances with her eyes and talking about the aphrodisiac and the boyfriend was replying very plainly. He then moved on and asked 'how was your day?' and all of a sudden, she just got up from her chair and threw her wine at him? Explaining that he's not a computer he's a surgeon and to relax 
The couple are still eating dinner together and sitting on opposite ends of the table. The wife (?) offers wine to her husband and he refuses because he is on call. She reminds him that it's their anniversary. He asks her how was her day (pretty sure) and she splashes her wine in her face and complains that he is a computer analyst (?) and that not a surgeon. 
The boyfriend asks who says that the food is an aphrodisiac, and the girlfriend replies I don't know, people. The awkward encounter goes on, and then the boyfriend asks her how her day was. She loses it and throws a drink over him, and tells him to relax.
The lady and her boyfriend looked at each other, and her boyfriend said,So, how was your day? After she heard that, she got angry and threw a glass of wine at him while making eye contact, and she told him to once again relax in his life.
So the woman says that she heard the asparagus was an aphrodisiac. He asks who says that and she replies, oh I just heard.  So he asks how he day went and she half standing throws her glass of wine across the long table into his face and tells him to relax and that he isn't always on call as he begins to wipe his face. 
The man and woman are having a candlelight meal together. The man asks the woman how her day was and the woman throws wine in the mans face telling him he needs to relax more.
The boyfriend remained really uptight. The girlfriend  threw a drink over him and said that he was a computer analyst and not a surgeon. She said he should have a drink and relax for once in his life.
The girlfriend was mentioning to her boyfriend that asparagus is an aphrodiasiac and the boyfriend asked her where she heard that from, and she said from somewhere. The boyfriend just keeps eating and his girlfriend throws her glass of wine in his face and says that he is just a computer analyst not a surgeon so he should have a drink of wine. 
The lady is trying to arouse her husband as it's their anniversary. She keeps hinting towards him that she wants him to drink however as he's on call he's not able to. He talks about the asparagus and as a hint to arouse him says It's an afrodisiac. He doesn't get the hint and takes it literally to which she gets angry and throws the wine on him yelling you're not a surgeon you're just a computer analyst. 
They were still sitting there awkwardly eating talking about asparagus being a aphrodisiac. She then threw a drink in his face and told him to lighten up and have a drink it wasn't like he was a brain surgeon. 
The man asks the woman who says that. She then responds that it is just some people. The man then asks the woman how her day was. She then throws her wine at him and gets angry. She also asks him why he can't just relax for one day in his life.
The woman says asparagus is an aphrodisiac. The man isn't bothered. The woman sounds German and throws some wine at the man and asks him to loosen up. She wants some action
After being asked about the asparagus, she replies saying she doesn't know and people just say that. They continue eating, The man asks how the woman's day was and she snaps at him throwing her water at his face telling him he's a computer analyst not a surgeon.
There is awkward tension in the room. The man asks her how her day was and she throws a glass of wine over him and yells at him to relax for once in his life. She explains that he's a computer analyst and not a surgeon which implies he should be able to have a drink
A couple are eating dinner at a table with a lot of tension in the air. The woman offers her partner a glass of wine to which he refuses which upsets the woman as she says It's our anniversary she then sits down and drinks her glass of wine very quickly and then pours herself another glass. The man then mentions that the asparagus is very good and the woman responds that it's supposed to be an aphrodisiac and he asks who says that and the woman then loses her temper and throws her glass of wine over the man and asks him why can't he ever relax.
She tells him the asparagus is said to be an aphrodisiac, and he asks who says that. She tells him just people, and the tension remains. The boyfriend tries to continue normal conversation after a few bites, asking her how her day was. She becomes angry and throws her drink in his face, saying he's just a computer tech, not a surgeon. She wants him to have a drink and relax. He says nothing but starts to pull something out of his pocket.
The boyfriend totally ignores the aphrodisiac comment and asks the girl how her day was. This made her mad. She picked uo her wine glass that was full and slung the contents across the table at the boyfriend. Stands up forcefully, and raising her voice at him telling him to have a drink, hes a computer tech, not a doctor. 
She tells him that people say about it being an afrodeziac. Then he asked her how was her day and she responded by throwing her drink all over him and telling him hes a computer analyst not a surgeon and why cant he just relax for once in his life.
They continue eating, the boyfriend says 'who does?', the girlfriend says 'I don't know, people...'. They continue eating. The boyfriend asks 'how was your day?'. The girlfriend throws a glass of wine at him and proceedes to shout 'relax for once!' in anger.
a couple are eating across a table from one another. the girl makes a comment about asparagus. the man seems uninterested. the woman gets upset and throws a glass of wine all over his face. she swears ans tells him to loosen up. the man seems surprised by her reaction.
The couple are sitting eating a meal, the girlfriend starts chatting and stands to pour the guy a drink, he puts his hand over his glass ad says that he can't drink as he is on call.  She sits back down and gulps down her wine an refills her glass. He starts talking about the asparagus saying how nice it is and she says some people say it's an aphrodisiac, who he asks which people and she throws her drink onto him shouting the he is a computer tech not  bloody surgeon
the lady was fed up with her boyfriend being so dry and boring. She wanted to have fun so in an outburst she couldn't control, she threw wine on him to get a reaction 
after the woman drink the whole glass of her wine and refilled the cup, the man commented on her drinking and she said she heard its an aphrodisiac, the man then said who said and she was like people said so, the man went on to asked her about her days and she became furious and pour her glass of wine on his face and continued to yell at him and the man brought out something from his pocket that looks like a lighter
