The woman opens her door to two women dressed in work uniform that deliver her her new robot man that she ordered over the phone. 
There is a knock at the door, it is the robots company dropping off the order of the new boyfriend robot for the woman. As the door opens, she sees two women in scientists outfits and one with a clipboard. The plastic covering is taken off the robot and she sees his face for the first time. 
There is a knock at the door, the lady peers through the peep hole to see who's there. Two identical blonde woman show up with a box named Prometheus robotics. They un pack it and it's the man she ordered. The woman looks aroused as its being unpacked
two women arrived at the door with the womans new husband to be. he has a very short beard and looks more muscular than her first husband. she appears like she might be happy.
There's a knock at the door. The woman's new model is delivered. As the model is being unpacked, the woman has an odd expression as she stares at its unconsious face. 
There is knock at the door and two women show up to deliver the new robotic companion she ordered to replaced the defective model. They start to unwrap the plastic covering the new model.
On the phone, the woman asks for an upgraded new robot, that is sportier and more attractive. The model arrives and the woman looks at it curiously. 
2 people show up at the woman's house with a box containing the new robot model.  They peel away the plastic covering, revealing a bearded man.
The woman hears a knock on her door and answers it to see two women and a big package with the robotic company logo on it. She then sees what the new robot man looks like.
There is hammering on the door and she opens it to a delivery woman with a big box from robotics.  she opens the box and there is a man with stubble inside wrapped in plastic. The plastic is taken off to reveal him
In the next scene, the woman gets a knock on the door and two technicians deliver a large box marked with Prometheus Robotics. The box is opened and there's another robot man wrapped in plastic, they pull down the plastic to reveal a near identical robot as the previous one, but now with a beard. The robot has a dull, vacant, expression and seems to be switched off. The camera holds on the woman's reaction, she looks entranced with the new robot.
there was a knock at the door so the lady went and opened it to see 2 females and then the male robot in a plastic wrapper packaging. they pulled the wrapper down and the lady seen the robots face
Two delivery women show up at the womans door. They have a large box and open it and remove plastic from the head to reveal a new robot.
the screen goes black and it appears to be a new day. there is a knock on the door. the lady answers it. there are two delivery woman and a human size box that says the name of the robot company on it. next scene the lady is opening the new box for her new robot boyfriend. she takes off the thick plastic that is on him. he is just standing there and appears to be shut off. he looks like the man paul that she was looking at the other day but with shorter hair
Two ladies deliver the robot she requested for and she is staring at it while it is being unwrapped.
The lady gets a knock on the door, it is her new unit. nShe takes off the plastic, it looks like it is exactly what she ordered.
there was a loud banging on the door, she opens it after looking through the spyhole. two delivery women and a robotics box are on the other side. under plastic wrap a new robot man model appears.
Someone knocks on the door. She looks through her peephole to see who it is. Then she opens the door and is greeted by two women who are there to deliver her new robot. They start to unwrap the packaging; the robot can then be seen.
There's a knock on the door, the woman opens and there are 2 ladies at the door. They have a big package, outside the package is written Promieus Robotics. One of the ladies has a book and pen with her. They uncover the package and a male robotic is there.
The delivery has arrived of her new robot husband, the delivery is unwrapped and he is completely gorgeous. 
The delivery people, who are apparently female droids themselves, arrive with the new model to the lady's house. 
The woman has a knock on the door and opens it, its a delivery. She has a new robotic man delivered, she stares in shock at the new unit.
After ordering a new model of he robot man, the next scene is a knock at the door. They are delivering a new robot man in a box. They lower the plastic to reveal his face.
Theres a knock at the door and its 2 ladies delivering a life size parcel from Robotics.The girl starts to unwrap it and first of all sees the face which is a man robot with a beard.
There is a knock at the door and outside there are two women with a box. A new male robotic is unveiled. The woman looks at him with an interesting look, perhaps of conflict or of lust.
It appears to be another day and the woman receives a knock at the door. She opens it and it is a couple of people from the robotics company she previously spoke to. It appears as though they are there to collect her robot from the previous scenes. He is being wrapped up to be transported.
On her phone call with the company, she describes her ideal partner. She wants someone more adventurous but she already has someone in mind, a rock climber who also massages. The camera pans to a photoframe of her wedding with the previous robot revealing that they were married. After a cutscene, there is knocking on the door and two identical female ladies deliver his new robot lover. The woman stares in awe. 
Theres a knock on the door and it looks like its the new robot here for delivery. Two blonde women are here with a big package, they look a bit like robots too. They unwrap the box and its a new man. He looks a bit vacant and the woman stares at him for a while. Its hard to tell what shes thinking but she looks happy
There is a knock at the door and when she answers it there are two women there who are delivering her new robot. They take off the wrapping and the lady looks at the head of the new robot she had ordered.
There is a huge bang at the door, two blonde woman in overalls arrive with a new robot wrapped in plastic. It is another man robot. She looks a little pensive as she stares at this new model.
