The woman and new man begin talking, and it is a bit awkward because it repeats the same conversation previously. The woman asks the man if he'd like wine, and he declines because he has a big climb tomorrow. He then remarks on the asparagus, and says it is an aphrodisiac (and that's what people say). He then gets up, and begins massaging the back of the woman's neck asking her how her day was. As she is talking, he flips the woman's switch, revealing that she too is a robot, and then goes over to watch TV and smoke a cigarette.
The woman starts to say she decided, since it was their anniversary, to treat herself, but before she ca finish the sentence, we hear the switch flipping noise again, and SHE turns off! The male robot then lights a cigarette, sits on the couch with his feet up, and turns the TV on to some sort of sporting event.
As he massages her and asks about her day, and she talks about it, he turns her off switch off. Then he lights a cigarette and sites down to watch TV.
As he is massaging her upper shoulders, she continues talking about her day and she is super happy and relaxed, she finally got what she wanted it seems, and then he puts his hand on the back of her neck and then we see her go limp. We understand now by seeing her switch that she too has a switch and is a robot and that he has deactivated her. He then goes to the sofa, lights a cigarette puts his feet up on the coffee table and switches on the TV
The new robot starts chatting with the woman. She offers him a drink but he declines and starts chatting about the meal. He then asks the woman about her day while massaging her shoulders. The new robot finds a switch at the back of the neck of the woman and deactives her. The new robot lights a cigarette and switches on the TV to watch a sports game.
As he is massaging the woman, the new boyfriend turns off a switch in her neck and goes over to the sofa and starts watching tv
The man is giving the woman a message. She begins to tell him about her day and she starts smiling. She is enjoying it a great deal. Then man then reaches on the back of her neck and flips a switch on her. This shuts her down and the man walks away. He then goes and relaxes in a recliner and is smoking a cigar as he watches TV.
the man caresses the woman as she answers her questions. Then he switches her off and sits down to watch the TV
She offers him some wine and he says no because he has a big climb tomorrow. He compliments the asparagus and says it's tender and she says thank you. He mentions that it's an aphrodisiac and she's surprised as that's what she said to the other robot. He then gets up and stands behind her to give her a massage and asks about her day. As he's massaging her, he switches her off and lights a cigarette and sits down to watch TV.
he goes to give her a massage on her neck and ask about her day, then as she is telling him you hear a click, and he has turned her off, she is a robot aswell. He then goes over the the sofa, lights up a cigerette and puts his feet up and puts the tv on.
He walks over to her and starts rubbing her back. As she is telling him about her day he reaches the back of her kneck and you see her turn off. She was a robot too. He then sits on the couch smoking a cigarette and watching a game on tv.
The husband is massaging the wife's shoulders and neck while she smiles and is telling him about her day. She says she had a light lunch and then treated herself. She is interrupted by a powering down sound as she slumps forward. The camera pans up to the husband's stoic face and he walks away from her. The camera angle changes to show the exact same on off switch on the back of the wife's neck as was on both mens' necks. The husband sits down in an armchair with a cigarette and turns the television on to what sounds like a sports match.
He keeps on massaging her and she keeps talking then all of a sudden he turns her off. She is also a robot with a switch. He lights up a cigarette and goes to watch TV.
new robot husband gets up from table and goes to wife to start massaging her neck.  he asks about her day and she starts telling him she went to lunch with Anna.  There is a click as the husband is still massaging wifes neck and she goes limp and static - she is also a robot and he has switched her off.  He then lights up a cigarette, sits in a comfy chair and uses the remote control to put the tv on - it's football.
He proceeds to massage her shoulders and ask about her day. In a strange twist of fate, he turns off a switch on her neck whilst massaging, revealing she is also a robot. He then goes to the couch and watches sports. 
The robot man asked what the woman had done today whilst massaging her neck, the woman started telling the robot man what she had been up to and he then turned her switch off which made her unconscious, the robot man then sat down on the sofa with a cigarette and turned the TV on.
He flirts with her and begins to massage her and ask her about her day, she looks happy but then he presses the off switch on her neck and watches the tv. 
Her new model husband continues to massage her shoulders and neck as she briefly describes her day and how she was going to prepare for their anniversary. Suddenly he flips a switch on her neck, her expression goes blank and she nods over. He lights a cigarette, stretches out on the sofa, and switches on the telly and watches the sport.
As the new model is massaging her neck, he starts to move his hands down in the same manner that the woman turned off the old model. She is revealed to also be a robot and he switches her off and then goes and sits on the couch, starts smoking, and then watches football on tv.
The man is chatting to the woman and they are having the same converstation bout the asparagus, but this time the man is trying to seduce the woman. He moves towards the woman and starts to massage her whilst asking about her day. he strokes her neck, he then reveals that she too has a switch at the back of her neck. He slides the switch to off and reveals that the woman is actually a robot too. As the woman is now asleep the man lights a cigaret and relaxes in front of the football match on tv
He continues to massage her and ask about her day, as she talks, the camera is in front of them and we hear a familiar click, she powers down, we realise she is a robot too. We see her head slumped forward and she is still, switched off, he goes to the couch, puts his feet up, lights a cigarette and puts on the TV. 
The man turns off the woman as she is talking, her head slumps forward. he walks away, lights a cigerette and turns on the TV with the sound of sport 
Remember how she flipped the switch on and they started talking? he asked how her day was and how she,s been and what her plans were for the anniversary. while he was giving her a neck massage, he flipped her switch off and went on to watch TV. turns out she was a robot too.
The woman starts conversing with the new boyfriend, he comes over to massage her shoulders and ask about her day, she gets engaged and is liking it, and he turns off 'her' button, and it was shocking to see she was a robot too!  The man goes and sits on the sofa and starts watching tv. 
The new robot starts having his dinner. The lady asks him if he wants a glass of wine. He states the same kind of thing as the old robot. He then mentions that the asparagus is an aphrodisiac. He then walks upto the woman and starts running her shoulders sensually. He asks her how her day has been and continues to rub her. After a bit he switches the switch off the woman indicating that she is a robot also.. He then sits down and watches football on the TV. 
As the husband asked about her day and was massaging her neck he turned her switch to off. Then the husband proceeded to go to his chair light a cigarette and watch some tv.
The girlfriend continues to tell the new robot boyfriend about her day whilst he massages here shoulders, telling him that as it was their anniversary she decided to treat herself.  Suddenly he touches her neck and she powers off and a shot of the back of her neck reveals she is a robot with a switch too.  The boyfriend then lights up a cigarette and sits down in the armchair to watch sports on tv.
As the man massaged the woman's neck, she continued to talk about her day. All of a sudden, however, there was the sound of a switch being set to off, and the woman froze. The man then quickly stepped away to the TV room area, behind where he was originally sitting, sits down comfortably in an armchair, and turns the TV on.
As the new husband rubs the wife's shoulders and asked her about her day, he suddenly flips what is implied to be the switch on the back of her neck. She powers down, lifeless, and he plants himself in front of the tv to watch sports. 
So he was massaging her, and she liked it, thinking maybe he was an upgrade to her old robot boyfriend after all. He asks her about her day and she describes that she went grocery shopping and went for a run with her friend, Anna. But then, he moves to her neck, and she has an off switch too! He turns her off and then goes to watch sports on the TV.
