The woman sat back down after she saw him light another cigarette and said that is just great, yes exactly what I wanted, passive smoking. She also starts to ramble on about how he is smoking, and they are having small talk, almost robotic conversations at the table, and if she's lucky, have mechanical sex, and the guy looks up at her and stares and so does she back at him. 
The man lights another cigarette after she puts out his other one. She then complains about the passive smoke and says he is a computer analyst not a surgeon so why doesn't he have a drink of alcohol. Then she says sarcastically she might have some short mechanical sex with the man if she is lucky. 
The man lights another cigarette and then the woman continues to argue with him as he remains silent. She complains about the fact that this is not what she wants on her anniversary that their conversations are dull and that he never has any fun. Then she complains that their sex life is bad.
The man lights another cigarette.  The woman says 'yeah, passive smoke, thats just what I want on our anniversary.  Followed by some stilted conversation and, if I'm lucky, some short unfulfilling sex'.  The man and woman look at each other as if they know she has gone too far.
The man smokes much to the annoyance of the woman. She then declared that passive smoking is not what she was expecting from her anniversary. Just mechanical sex
The man compliments the woman on the asparagus she made. She talks about how asparagus is an aphrodesiac, hinting to the man that she wants intimacy. The woman keeps pouring glass after glass of wine, frustrated at the man's lack of enthusiasm about their anniversary. She ends up throwing alcohol at the man and yelling at him. He then pulls out a cigarette and starts smoking, much to the woman's dismay. She puts out the cigarette, but he lights another one.
The man lights his cigarette, despite still being covered in the wine that the woman threw over him. She sarcastically says that passive smoke is just what she wanted for her anniversary, as well as stilted conversation and mechanical sex. The man looks shocked at the words. The continue to look at one another.
The man lights up another cigarette and the woman sits back down. She begins to berate him until she finally insults the way he has sex. They stare at each other uncomfortably, the woman knowing that what she said crossed the line.
After the woman throws the drink in the man's face, he attempts to light a cigarette. The woman takes the cigarette from the man saying that she doesn't want him smoking in her house. The man pulls out another cigarette and lights it anyway. The woman seems defeated at this point. They are both tense. She antagonizes by complaining about not being able to enjoy their anniversary and proceeds to insult his sexual abilities. 
the man lights a up a cigarette and the woman starts to complain and mentions having mechanical sex which catches the man's attention and there is an awkward silence between them.
The man lights another cigarette, and the woman starts complaining that shes unhappy about this whole thing for her anniversary and insults his ability to have sex. The man seems to only hear the word sex.
The woman turns around after stubbing out the man's cigarette to find that he has lit and started to smoke another. She explains in a sarcastic tone that passive smoke was exactly what she wanted on her anniversary. She throws her wine over the man and asks why he can't just relax and have a drink. The man sits there drenched in wine and the woman goes on to explain that the best she can expect from him is stunted conversation and short, mechanical sex afterwards. The man is shocked by what she has said and sits still, saying nothing. Judging by her expression, the woman seems to regret what she has said to him.    
The man light up another cigarette and the woman yelled at him that he works too much for a computer analyst and not a surgeon. She then looked at him with a disappointed face, and complained that passive smoke and a stilted conversation are what she is getting for her anniversary. She then went further to say and if she is lucky she'll get a short mechanical sex. immediately she said that, she went mute instantly and looked remorseful like she just said something inappropriate that will hurt the man. The man looked stunned hearing that and he looked at her like she had hurt his feelings.
The couple were arguing because the boyfriend decided to light a cigarette, triggered by the girlfriends comments.
The woman sarcastically comments that second-hand smoke, stilted conversation and short mechanical sex is just what she wanted for their anniversary. The man hasn't responded and there is then a tense pause after she says it.
The man lights his cigarette and proceeds to smoke in the dining room. the lady looks to be upset as she sits back down. She tells him that he can smoke and she continues complaining by saying that if she is lucky the day will follow with some mechanical sex. The man sits there staring at her. 
she drains her glass of wine as they continue to eat. She tells him to have a drink and throws a glass of wine over him. He then starts to light a cigarette and she said not to smoke in her house and violently puts out his cigarette. He starts to light up another cigarette. She said that she does not want stilted conversation and short mechanical sex.
she sits back down while he lights a second cigarette and says thats what I want passive smoking and some stilited conversation. And if I'm really lucky followed by some short mechanical sex. She looks at him apologetic yet annoyed, he looks with no expression, saying nothing.
The male character put another cigarette in his mouth and lit it. The female character said Yes, passive smoke, that's exactly what I wanted for my anniversary, followed by some stilted conversation, and if I'm really lucky some short mechanical sex. The male character looks up at her and they hold eye contact. The female character has had another mouthful of the dinner and they are looking at each other. 
The man lights a second cigarette. She's annoyed about the passive smoke for her anniversary. She is also looking forward to the short mechanical sex they'll have later. He looks stunned.
The man started smoking.  The woman said that passive smoking is just what she wanted for her anniversary, along with some stilted conversation and, if she is lucky, some short mechanical sex.  They glared at each other.
The man lights up a second cigarette. The woman, now visibly angry, makes disparaging comments about their anniversary and their sex life. The scene is very tense. 
As she stubbed out the cigarette, he lit up another one.  She then said Passive smoking, just what I wanted for my anniversary!.  She followed up this with a barbed And short mechanical sex!  They both looked at each other.
He lit another cigarette. She sat down and complained about the stilted conversation. She said they would have short mechanical sex if she was lucky and he then stared at her. 
she throws the drink at him because he doesn't want to drink. He sparks a cig and she puts it out. He sparks another cig and she tells him how bad his sex is. 
The man put out his cigarette and then, the woman angrily told him too relax. She then told him that his sex was under whelming
The man starts smoking a cigarette which annoys the woman greatly.
Unfortunately, the boredom of this awful movie continues. The couple is revealed to be a husband and wife, celebrating their anniversary. The woman, clearly angered by the husband's refusal to drink and let loose begins pouring more wine for herself, guzzling it angerly. She chastises him for being uptight and scolds him for acting like he is a surgeon when in fact he works in computers. She throws wine in his face, and then mocks him for his mechanical nature. The man smokes which further enrages the woman. She tells him she does not allow smoking in her house and puts out the cigarette. The man takes another, angering her even more. She chastises him for his inability to let loose, and says all she has to look forward to at best is short, mechanical sex.
So, as she's stubbing out the guy's cigarette, he's already pulling out another one. He lights it, while she just sits down in a huff. These people hate each other. She sarcastically tells him to have the cigarette, followed by more crappy conversation and short, mechanical sex. It was pretty obvious that this is a sore point for them.
The couple start arguing and the woman throws a glass of wine over the man and says just have a drink it is our anniversary. She is very annoyed but he responds but lighting a cigarette which makes here angrier. She then makes a barbed comment about how disappointing the meal is and that if she is lucky they might get to have mechanical sex.
