The wife stands up and goes over to pour him some wine and he puts his hand over the glass and says, you know I can't drink when I'm on call. She then gulps her wine down, puts her glass down and it clinks against the glass next to it. She refills it. He looks up and says, the asparagus is delicious to which she replies, people say it's an aphrodisiac. He then says, what people?
The woman pours herself another glass of wine.  The man says that the asparagus is very tender.  The woman replies with 'they say it's an aphrodisiac'.  The man bluntly replies saying 'who does?'  The woman seems like she is feeling awkward embarrassed at this point and says 'oh i don't know, just people' and continues eating dinner 
The girlfriend drinks all of her wine, slams her glass on the table, then pours another glass for herself in defiance of her boyfriend. The boyfriend remarks the asparagus is very tender. The girlfriend replies oh yeah? They say asparagus is an aphrodisiac. who says that? the boyfriend asks. I don't know... just people replies the girlfriend and takes another bite of food. There is awkward shewing noises and general eating sounds throughout the clip.
The high maintenance boyfriend comments that the asparagus is tender. The girlfriend comments that its an aphrodisiac. The girlfriend finishes her wine.
the lady downs wine for he both of them, and tells her OH of the joys of sexual prowess from asparagus.
Our heroine pours herself another glass of wine, there is a hint of spite to here actions and she glares at here boyfriend. He remains oblivious, his gaze fixed on his plate, his attention on his eating as he shovels forkfuls of food to his face. He praises the asparagus, she remarks that it is considered an aphrodisiac. Her tone is flat, there is no hint of flirtatiousness or coyness. In an equally flat tone, he asks, who thinks so. She's not sure, just people, she guesses.
The wife pours herself another generous drink of wine before the husband comments that the asparagus if very tender, to which the wife replies that it is an aphrodisiac, to which the husband enquires to who has said that and the wife gets flustered and replies that people have said it.
The woman finishes her drink and pours herself another. The man mentions that her asparagus is tender. She responds by saying that people say that asparagus is an aphrodisiac.
The woman downed the rest of her wine. She, then, tried to make conversation about the asparagus. The man is boring. 
the lady drink her glass of while then pours more in to ther glass. The boyfriend then says the asparagus is tender. She says its an aphrodisiac. He say shy says that? She says I don't know, it's just what people say. There is sexual tension.
The woman poured herself another flass of wine as they began discussing asparagus. The man said it was tender.
The man comments on the tenderness of the asparagus and the woman mentions that is it considered an aphrodisiac. The man asks who makes this claim but the woman is unsure.
A WOMEN WAS EATING DINNER WITH HER HUSBAND AND DRINKING WINE SHE ASKED HER HUSBAND IF HE WOULD LIKE SOME HE SAYS HES ON CALL SHE REMINDS HIM IT THERE ANNIVERSARY HE DOES'NT SEEM BOTHERD
The female character poured and drank an entire glass of wine, making eye contact with the male character. They continued to eat in silence until the male character said, the asparagus is very tender. The female character smiled and said, they say its an aphrodisiac. The male character asked who?
The woman chugs the rest of the her wine and then pours herself another glass.  The man says that the asparagus is tender.  The woman replies that asparagus is an aphrodisiac.  The man says who says that?  And the woman says I don't know, people.
the lady finished off the glass of wine she was drinking and poured another glass. the man said the asparagus is very tender and the woman replied yes it is and said that it was an aphrodisiac, the man asked who ssid that and she replied people 
The wife continue to feel her cup with the alcohol for the second time, and the husband makes comment which the wife claims it was said by people.
Women finishes glass of wine then pours herself another wine. The man comments the asparagus is very tender. Women comments I know then adds It's a asphadrite. Guy asks who says that and women comments she doesnt know.
a couple are having a meal together at home i assume. But there feels like a lot of tension is in the air. The husband talks about the asparagus being very tender then the wife says thats whay other people say, but catches herself and words it better to seem like she's laking about a group of people and not a person. The movie is trying to make the watcher think that the wife is very likely having an affair
The woman drank the wine loudly, and poured more into the glass. The man commented that the asparagus was very tender, and she responded that it is an aphrodisiac. The man questioned her on who says its is, but she didn't seem to know.
The girl continued drinking the wine, and the boyfriend told the girlfriend her asparagus was too soft, in her response the girlfriend said that,  they say it is good for toothache, which then the boyfriend with a question.
The woman finishes her glass of wine quickly, and pours another glass. The boyfriend comments that the asparugus is tender. The woman then replies that asparugus is an aphrodesiac, while flirting with facial expressions.
The woman poured another glass of wine while staring down the man. He made a comment about the asparagus to which she said it's an aprhodisiac. He has then asked how does she know that which to she took a defensive stance and said people said so
She drank more Champaign , and they talked about asparagus. 
The woman sitting at the table fills up her wine glass and drinks the entire think. The man comments on the quality of the asparagus an the woman says that some people say that it's an aphrodisiac. The man asks who says that. The woman says that some people say that while continuing to eat. 
The woman finished drinking her wine and then poured herself another large glass. The man said the asparagus is very tender, the woman replied that people say its an aphrodisiac. The man asks her who says that and she replied 'i dont know, just people'. 
The sexually frustrated woman pours another glass as if to spite the boyfriend. Then the boyfriend comments on the food. The woman says they say it is an aphrodisiac. The man treats this as information, not playing the woman's game. The woman strangely becomes withdrawn as opposed to the aggressiveness shown in the pouring of the additional glass of wine, indicating she is unsure of herself as to how she should react.
A man and a woman are eating dinner. There are candles and wine glasses. They eat without speaking for awhile. Then the woman gets up, grabs the wine bottle and goes to fill the man's glass.  He puts his hand over and says not for me. She says it's our anniversary. He says You know I can't drink when I'm on call. There is tension in the air. The woman goes back to her seat at the other end of the table. She drinks all of the wine in her glass and pours another one.  The man says the asparagus is tender. The woman says they say it's an aphrodisiac. The man says who says. She says people.
The woman finishes her glass of wine, placing her glass back down and pouring herself another glass, smiling at the man. The man says that the asparagus is tender, and the woman responds in agreement, saying that some people say that it's an aphrodisiac. The man questions Who?, and the woman falters, simply saying Some people before taking another bite of food.
The couple kept eating. The woman drank her wine and pored more. Then the man complimented the asparagus. The woman said that people say it's an aphrodisiac and the man looked up and said, who does? She said she doesn't know, it's just what people say.
