The woman is on the phone with customer service while scanning the website looking at different models, initially she requests a replacement model.  She says that the wants a rock climber then changes her mind to a masseuse, then she says what about a rock climbing masseuse.  She then goes into preferences like hair color and beard length before the scene ends. 
The woman is talking to technical support at the robot company and says she's inot nhappy with her current model and would like an upgrade. Looking at the brochure she says she would like a rock-climbing maseure with perhaps a 5 o clock shadow but not a beard and maybe his hair a little shorter.
The woman is on the phone to the robot company and is ordering a replacement model. She is deciding what features she wants it to have.
She continues on the phone asking for a rock climbing massuse and asks for no beard.
The woman is on the phone with the robot company. She is talking through an agent about upgrading her boyfriend to a more adventurous robot. She wants a rock-climbing masseuse. 
She then says could she have one who is a rocking climbing masseuse the one like the picture but with shorter hair. The camera is panning out as this happens.
The girl is just on the phone and is describing her ideal sex robot or mate. One example she gave is a rock climbing masseuse. She wants a new model to fulfil her fantasies.  
She's man shopping. She was on her laptop and window shopping for new robots and called the number, she said the one she has now lacks ambition and drive and the woman on the phone explains that it's a common malfunction with the 100 series, the one the girlfriend currently has and turned off. The lady on the phone asked if she wanted to upgrade and the girlfriend is interested, started describing a rock climbing masseuse 
She logs onto her computer and looks up other models of robot men to order. She calls the support line and complains that her model does not have enough ambition. The support lady says that is a common complaint and offers an upgrade. She asks for a rock climbing masseuse with short blond hair and a 5 o'clock shadow beard. The camera pans out. 
After asking for a sportier model, the woman asks for a rock climber; but then the woman clicks onto the picture of Paul (the man she was looking at before) who is dressed as a masseuse, and changes her mind to a rock-climbing masseuse. She then lists other variations she desires, such as no beard, shorter hair and blond.
The lady was still on the call looking for a new Boyfriend Robot while describing how the robot should be, This all happened while the camera started to zoom out of the room she was in.
She asks if a rock climber is available, then says no a masseuse, then says how about a rock climbing masseuse with no beard, then she asks for shorter hair as the camera pans backward away from the window she is sitting in. 
The woman starts telling the person on the phone what kind of robot she wants next. Something more sportier like a rock climbing masseuse, without facial hair then says maybe with a five o'clock shadow and with shorter hair. It is like from a online robot catalog.
The lady described her perfect version to the person on the phone. A rock climbing masseuse with no beard and shorter hair than 'Paul' in the example she could see on screen.
While the girlfriend is on the phone, she says there is a problem with the model of her robot partner that he lacks ambition. The customer service agent says that this is a common malfunction in their products and asks the woman if she would like to upgrade to a better model. She says yes can she get a model that is a rock climber and can do massage as well, with no beard and shorter blond hair. 
As she is talking to customer support she tells them that her current model lacks ambition and that she needs more. Customer support agent tells her it's a common issue with that model and offers to upgrade. After that, while she's looking at the pictures of newer models she tells the agent she would prefer someone who is in simple words more active. She suggests first a rock climber, as the image on screen changes she asks for a masseuse but quickly says a rock climbing masseuse then the screen starts to fade as she's asking general questions which slowly becomes inaudible.
So as she was ordering her new man she went with a rock climbing massage therapist with short hair and a five o'clock  shadow. The d300  series i think
The voice at the call centre asks the woman if she has any preferences. She looks at her laptop screen and asks for a rock climber. She then sees a masseuse on the screen, so asks for a masseuse. Then as the camera zooms out of the room whilst staying on her, she askes for a rock climbing masseuse. She finally asks if it can have shorter hair.
The woman orders a new robot. A rock climbing masseuse with no beard. She wants to get rid of old model.
She asks for a sportier model, looking at units on the website. She looks at a rock climber and asks for the rock climber model, and then does the same with the masseuse. then she asks for one that is both a rock climber and masseuse, further asking for a beard (5 o'clock shadow) and shorter blond hair. The camera zooms out of the room as she talks to the person on the phone. 
She is torn between wanting a masseusse or a rock climber, then decides on both if possible. She also changes the appeance of the robot to match the physical characteristics of her current model. She seems excited to get a robot with better specs.
The woman clearly dissatisfied with her android partner is on her laptop and we see her browsing the companies website who supply the androids. She looks at other models and becomes excited and decides to call the company telling them of her dissatisfaction and the woman on support for the company offers an upgrade to her current model and the lady asks for a sportier model and says she wants a rock climbing masseur to replace her current android.
She says she would like the sportier model, and begins to describe what she'd want him to be like. A rock climbing masseuse with short hair and a five o'clock shadow.
She made some changes to the boring robot she currently had. She asked for a rock climbing, masseuse with a 5 oclock shadow and slightly shorter hair then the picture they advertise with
On the phone she asks for a rock climber, no a masseus then combined to have a rock climbing massues but with shorter hair and no beard, maybe blonde,
The girlfriend is on the phone to helpdesk support for her boyfriend stating she isn't happy with her model and would like a replacement. She states he lacks ambition, and adventure. The lady on the end of the phone asks about which model, and says its a common malfunction. They will upgrade to a newer model. The girlfriend cannot decide between a rock climber or massuesse, and states a rock climbing massuese, with no beard, and a 5 o'clock shadow, with short hair.
the woman is on the phone to the firm who supplied the robot. she is talking with a customer service rep. she explains the problem with her robot and the customer service rep asks if she would like an upgrade. she goes online and looks at alternatives. she likes the looks of one of them. he is a rock climber. she wants him to have shorter hair.
She goes online to the site for the robot and chooses one she'd prefer and call customer services to update her model as he doesn't meet her requirements. She'd rather have  more sporty version
she calls the robotic company to change her current model. She wants some excitement in her life because she is bored, so she orders a robot that seems exciting to her. She fumbles with her choices, showing insecurities within herself. 
the woman made a request for another robot with certain capacities and she wanted the one with a short hair
