They did not miss anything.
The robot takes the cigarette out his mouth.
He sits staring at the tv and smoking
nothing at all
The male robot smokes and watches TV. 
Nothing else really happened after the man sat down. He was just sitting the chair watching television and the screen cut to black.
The new robot husband gets up to give the woman a massage. When telling him about her day, he suddenly switches a switch on the back of her neck, powering her off. He then lights a cigarette and sits down to watch the TV.
The screen goes black quickly.
The man turns the woman off and then proceeds to sit on a chair and watch television with a cigarette and wine.
the man is sitting on the settee smoking and watching sport
The screen abruptly went black.
the man put something in the womans neck and he went to sit down, he put the tv on and smoked a cigerette
The man was just watching tv and smoking a cigarette.
the new robot boyfriend is still sitting on the couch smoking his cigarette and then the screen goes black 
Nothing really happened, he is still just watching the game after turning her off, which was quite surprising.
The screen was just black
nothing happened!
The man was watching television while smoking a cigarette.
The robotic is seated at the lounge having a smoke and drinking beer, he is watching tv.
Nothing happened. 
the boyfriend droid was just smoking a cigarette while watching TV after having turned off the girlfriend droid model.
There was just some slight sound.
I think there may have been a technical glitch, because a scene did not play. The last scene shown, the man switched off a switch on the back of the woman's neck and sat on the couch to watch sports and smoke a cigarette. 
He sat smoking and watching the television looking very serious.
The male robotic is watching the television and smoking.
The male robot's face flashed on the screen and you can hear the TV in the background.
The camera stay on his expressionless face as he smokes and watches his football game.
He asks her about her day and she says some unimportant things like went to the shops and went out for lunch. He starts to massage her and turns her switch off, shes a robot too! So unexpected. So she powers off and he seems happy. He goes to sit down and lights a cigarette and turns the football match on
The video skipped forward at this point so I was unable to see anything that happened.  When I pressed the button to start the video it skipped right forward to the screen that said describe what happened next but as it didn't play I am not able to do that, sorry.
Participant  ***Not sure if this was meant to happen but after he switched her off and sat down in front of the TV, the friend fell asleep, and the video immediately started and stopped again in a fraction of a second so there is nothing to explain.***
