The girl looks regretful about what she said and goes over to her boyfriend to give him a hug and apologise.  She says she didn't mean what she said.
The girlfriend seems to may have had a change of heart and sat in the boyfriends lap saying that she is sorry. I am not sure though if she means it or is up to something else. 
The couple stare intently at eachother for a few seconds from across the table. The women apologizes to the man and walks over to him and ends up sitting on his lap consoling him. 
the women throws  her drink over the man  then try to make up with him hes just starts smoking 
He is shocked by her comment and seems sad. She feels bad and apologizes. Then she hugs him and tells him that she didn't mean what she said. The man still looks shocked and a bit sad. 
The woman lashed out at the man about being too robotic. She threw her drink at him and chastised him about being too serious. He lit a cigarette and started smoking it. She yelled at him for smoking in her house and took his cigarette. He lit another and she seemed appalled  and told him that was exactly what she wanted on her anniversary.
the man has a fixed face while the woman apologizes and goes towards him to comfort him
The woman apologized and sat in his lap. She caressed him and said she didn't mean it.
The poepl stare at each other angrily, then the woman gets up from her chair and walks towards the man. She sits on his lap and says 'Im sorry. I didnt mean what I said. There, there'. While she says these words, she hugs the man. 
The male character stares at her, she looks up and down. Then she said that she was sorry and she didn't mean any of what she said, whilst she is sitting on the male character lap and caressing his head
He seems hurt at what she says and sits there still. She apologises, and rushes over to him sitting on his lap, saying sorry again while embracing him. She said she didn't mean it. His face lacks much emotion.
The girlfriend apologised for what she said and walked to the other side of the table to sit in his lap. She caressed his hair and told him that she did not mean what she said - the boyfriend was silent and had a blank look on his face. There was a rumbling sound in the background.
The woman apologizes for saying their sex is boring. She stood up and went to her husbands chair and she began to comfort him for what she said earlier.
The womsn clearly wants a romantic anniversary dinner but the boyfriend asks about her day in a stilted unemotional way. She reacts angrily, he lights a cigarette which annoys her more and she throws a glass of water over him and says she`ll be lucky if her anniversary is rounded off with short mechanical sex. She then apologies and sits on his lap
He asked her what she meant about her comeback to him complimenting the asparagus and it almost sounded like maybe she cheated on him. He accepted her answer about it just being what everyone says. She flipped out and threw her wine in his face and told him to loosen up and have a drink. He's a computer analyst, not a surgeon. She was upset about the way her anniversary was going. After being splashed with wine, he kept a blank stare on his face, emotionless, trying to light a cigarette. She got up and stormed over to him, yanking it away and putting it out. When she turned around the was lighting another one. She sat down and went on to insult him about being maybe lucky enough to have lousy sex basically.   
The wife apologizes for her outburst and then sits on his lap and hugs him. He seems unresponsive to her attention.
The couple look at each other and the boyfriend has a hurt expression on his face. Finally the girlfriend apologizes and gets up. She sits on him and tells him she doesn't mean what she said. The boyfriend has the same expression. The camera zooms in on her hands touching him
The lady makes a comment of Short Mechanical Sex and then moves towards the man to apologise for what she said stating I did not mean it.
The girlfriend regrets what she has just said and approaches the boyfriend to apologise.  She sits on his knee and puts her hand around the back of his head and looks into his eyes.  He appears to not be in a good mood at her mood swings.
The woman looks up at her husband, she apologises for her comments. She gets up and walks over to her husband and sits on him lap while he sits at the table, she hugs him and grabs the back of his head.
The lady apologises and runs to sit on the man's lap, embracing him. She says she didn't mean what she said and rubs his head. 
She appoligises then goes to sit on his knee, after telling him he is mechanical, in the bedroom, she wants him but for some reason, he is distracted, he probably has something to tell her, she won't like, she is making all the effort
She poured the drink on him and stopped him from smoking so she said this is not how she imagined her anniversary. The started smoking so she took it out of his mouth. nnSo when she mentioned the sex, and how mechanical it was he stared at her for a long time then she shouted him and walked towards him and hugged him. He showed no emotion whatsoever. She kept hugging him and started to carass his head.  
The woman throws a glass of champagne in her husbands face and says for fucks sake you are a computer analyst not a surgeon. He calmly lights a cigarette, she takes it from him. He lights another. she complains sarcastically that for her anniversary she really wanted passive smoke, and mechanical short sex. Tension.
The man is quiet after that statement about having mechanical (lifeless) sex, they stare at each other, the woman apologies and walks over and comforts him.  She didn't mean what she said she says.
The woman apologise and then she stands and goes to the man, sits on his lap and hugs him. 
She apologizes for yelling at him and sits in his lap and put her hand in his hair to comfort him.
Regretting her outburst, the woman apologises and heads to the man. She sits on his lap, hugs him and tries to comfort him. The man looks sad and the woman desperate.
After throwing wine in her boyfriends face, she makes a comment about sex and then goes to apologize to him. She goes and sits on his lap to hug him and her hand started to move down his body
The woman apologized and sat on the man's lap. Although she apologized, he still seemed very upset.
