Wow - you missed a great bit! He lights another cigarette, she sits down and complains about his treatment of her on their anniversary. Then she disparages him and says she want more than stilted conversation and short mechanical sex. As soon as she says it she apologises, approaches him and sits on his lap. Her fingers go through his hair, down the back of his neck, where there is a switch! The swithes it downwards and he slumps forward. She sits down, opens her macbook and goes to the Prometheus Robotics website, which looks like a catalogue of male robots.
The girlfriend flicks the robot u201cboyfriendsu201d switch off, and he immediately goes limp.  She goes back to her seat at the table, kicking her shoes off along the way, puts her feet up on the table and grumbles about the useless u201cboyfriendu201d.  It then switches to her on a computer, looking at what is obviously the boyfriend robot website.  I assume she is browsing for a potential replacement for the useless robot boyfriend sitting limply at the other end of the table.
The woman sits in the mans lap, reaching to turn off a switch on the man's body, his head immediately slumps forward as it is revealed he is a robot android and has just been turned off. She sits back down at the table, saying 'happy anniversary'. The scene cuts to the woman browsing the internet, looking at a webpage regarding robotics. 
After discovering the boyfriend is infact a robotic person lover, the woman then switches him off by his switch behind his neck, she climbs off his lap, goes back to her seat, puts her feet up and says Happy Anniversary.  The scene changes to her on her AppleMac laptop going onto the Robotics page and probably ordering a newer version
The man then llights a second cigarette, the woman huffs that she just needed to breathe in passive cigarette smoke on her anniversary, and then tells the man they will then have brief mechanical like sex. The man looks hurt, she walks over to him sits on his lap and apologises she strokes his hair up to his shirt neckline. She lowers his shirt collar and you see a switch, which she then turns off, and he slumps and lowers his head. She looks briefly on the internet and a selection of different men robots, then kicks off her shoes puts her feet on the table, looks over at him and wisher herself Happy Anniversary.
His wife apologises for shouting and saying she may be lucky to have short mechanical sex on their wedding anniversary.  Whilst sat on his knee she switches a switch and he flops over.  She then gets off his knee and looks at other robotic men
The woman said something to insult the man and then after a few moments apologized. She went over to him and sat on his lap and gave him a hug and said she was sorry, the camera panned to the back of his neck and showed a switch on his neck, she flipped it off and he fell asleep, he was a robot. The woman then moves to another room onto her laptop and seems to be shopping online at a robotics store for a new robot boyfriend.
The lady switches the switch in the back of the neck to off . The man slumps slowly forward and is clearly a robot . The lady leaves the robot slumped on the table . She walks back to the other end of the table , takes her boots off and puts he feet up on the table corner . Happy Anniversary she says looking sadly down the other end of the table. Then  we see her on an apple lap top opening a website and browsing a range of other robots that are available.
The man turns out to be a robot, albeit one who cannot get it up for a round of energetic sex.
She accuses him of being boring and robotic.  Mechanical.  He gets upset.  She walks over to him and tells him shes sorry, as she sits on his lap.  She strokes his neck, and you see her run her fingers down the back of his neck.  There is a mechanical switch embedded in his neck. She moves it into the off position.  he powers down.   She gently rests his body head back.  We see her walk away and sit down legs up on the table.  Defeated.  She goes to a Robotics website to look at other robot men
She sat down and he smoked a cigarette and she was talking about mechanical sex, she then walked over and apologized and sat on his lap and put her hand behind his neck and turned a switch off. He is a robot that she ordered online. But after she was looking up a more attractive robot to buy for sex.  
The woman reaches behind the man's neck where there is a switch, which she uses. This appears to turn the man off, and his head drops and his body goes limp.nnThe woman then returns to her original chair, puts her feet on the table and says 'happy anniversary'nnShe can then be seen opening laptop and going to a website called 'Prometheus Robotics'.
so it turns out he's a robot and she switches him off then goes on the computer and starts looking at other types of robots she can buy, and these ones are marked as being for everlasting love
She turns him off with a switch on the back of his neck and he dies like something out of batteries. She then goes over and sits down, kicks her shoes off and opens her laptop and she is looking at other models of robotic boyfriends.
She powered him down then went on her laptop looking for similar human like robots
The lady holds the man's neck, the neck has a small metal switch. The lady flicks the switch to a lower position and the man goes limp in her arms. The lady then walks back to her seat and says 'happy anniversary' and sits down. The film then cuts to a shot of an apple mac laptop lighted up, the lady is searching on a website which says 'Prometeus Robotics' and features a picture of a number of different men.
The girlfriend flipped the switch that was on the back of the boyfriends neck, he then powers off like an appliance. The girlfriend went back to her side of the table and kicked off her shoes, sat down, and then propped up her feet on the table. She says happy anniversary in a sardonic and sarcastic way. She gets on her computer and the camera panned to the screen to show that she was on a website to order more robot boyfriends.
The woman flicked the switch on the back of the mans neck. There was a computer noise and he slumped forward with his head down as if he had been powered off. The woman stood up and walked back to her seat. She took off her shoes, sat down and put her feet on the table while sighing. The scene changes to the woman on a computer looking at a website. The website looks like it manufactures androids or technology. There are different men shown on the website.
The woman has approached her boyfriend to apologise for her outburst, but as she runs her hand down his neck, we see a switch on the back of it! She flicks the switch and the man - presumably an android or cyborg - goes limp, having been turned off. The woman goes back to her seat at the dining table, kicks off her shoes and throws her feet up as she takes a drink. We then see her browsing the internet on her Macbook - specifically, she's looking at a robotics website browsing different models of male androids!
he brought out another cigreette and she collected it  again then tld him she doesn't want the smoke of cigarette on her anniversary date instead she wants a mechanical sex he was sad so she went to hug him and killed him thereafter 
The female approaches the male character and sits in the males lap.nShe says that she is sorry and reaches for the back of his neck.nThere is a switch on the back of the males neck.nThe woman flips the switch and the man slumps over.nThe woman takes off her shoes and puts her feet on the table.nThe woman then goes to a computer and views the website of a robotics company.
She switched the guy off using the switch that was on the back of his neck. She then went back to her seat to say happy anniversary to herself. it looked like a few moments had passed when she got onto her laptop to start looking at new robotic guys.
the woman switches the man off and it turns out he was a robot and she went to buy a new one after because she didn't like him
The woman flips the switch on her boyfriend, now revealed to be an android, and he turns off. Unsuprised, she returns to the other end of the table, kicks her legs up, and says, sarcastically, Happy anniversary. The scene then cuts to her on her computer, and she appears to be browsing male android models. 
the woman goes over to the man and flicks a switch on the back of the mans head and then the man shuts down.  then she opens her laptop and opens a man robotics program suggesting the man is actually a robot
While consoling the boyfriend, the girlfriend flips a switch on him. The boyfriend turns off. It turns out that the boyfriend is actually a robot. The scene cuts to the girlfriend on her laptop presumably shopping for a new robot boyfriend.
The woman presses a switch on the mans neck it's like a microchip. He then shuts down like a computer. She says happy anniversary She then goes to her computer and surfs the web she seems to be on some kind of advanced dating app involving robots.
The woman switched off the switch on the man's neck causing him to lose consciousness. In the next scene the woman is browsing the internet on her laptop, looking at other robots.
They then cuddle and she apologises to him..nShe puts her leg up on the table. 
she was sat on his lap then she flipped a switch that was behind his neck it turned him off like a robot. she then whispered happy anniversary . then she went over to her computer and it looked like she was shopping for a new male robot.
