The woman apologizes for her outburst and for saying she would be dissatisfied with the man's short, mechanical sex, she approached him and caressed the back of his head. The movements were slow and deliberate, and her hands led her to an off button on the man's neck, revealing that he is a robot or non-human. She turns the switch off and the man falls onto her shoulder.
The woman tells the man she didn't mean what she said. She then caresses his hair, and when she reaches his neck, we see an on off switch! She switches it, and the man immediately gets a blank look on his face and slumps forward.
She apologizes and hugs him. She reveals an off switch on the back of his neck and turns the man off.
She's straddling the husband and she says that she didn't mean what she said about the mechanical sex. He has barely any reaction. She then starts to caress his head neck and we see this intimately until her hand reaches his lower neck and we discover a metal switch in his skin. She proceeds to flick the switch and we see the husband become limp - he appears to have been switched off. Then she proceeds to get off of him.
The woman apologised to the man for her unkind words. She comforts him and runs her fingers down the back of his head. At the back of his neck is a switch, underneath his shirt collar. The woman pushes the switch downwards and the man appears to go unconscious.
She apologises to him and strokes his hair, down to his neck, where there's a switch which powers him off
The woman says something mean remember? She then looks at the man and sees that he is hurt. She then states I'm sorry and walks over to him. She wraps her arms around him and then states I didn't mean what I said. After embracing him, she reaches onto the back of his neck and feels a switch. She then turns him off with the switch in the back of his neck.
The woman caresses the man, and then turns a switch off which appears to be on him.
After she throws wine at him, she says he's a data analyst not a surgeon and he needs to relax a bit. He then gets a cigarette out and starts to smoke. She puts out the cigarette and then complains that she he's rather mediocre and she basically puts up with his average sex. Then tries to apologise by sitting on his lap, then she seems to find a switch on the back of his neck and switches him off.
she goes over to the man to apologise and say she didnt mean what she said, she hugs him and his face doesnt look happy. Then you see her move her hand down the back of his head onto his neck, it looks a bit seductive like, but then you see a switch on the back of his neck and she switches it off and he like turns off, he slumps over.
She apologizes for yelling at him and sits on his lap and hugs him. As she reaches around his knek there is a switch and she turns him off like a robot.
The wife is comforting the husband after she had thrown her wine over him. She is leant over him and embracing him, while saying she didn't mean what she said. The husband is just staring straight ahead, not saying anything. She reaches her hand behind his neck and moves his shirt collar down, revealing an on off switch. She switches her husband off, he slumps forward a bit, and she removes herself from the embrace.
She hugs the man and apologizes. Then we see the back of the guys head and there is a switch. She pushes the switch down and the man turns off. 
wife still sitting on husbands lap apologises for her behaviour - she didn't mean what she said. She then strokes his hair at the back of his head and gently moves her hand down to the top of his neck.  She then switches a button down which shuts the husband down - like a robot
Whilst sat on his lap, she brushes his neck. It's revealed he's a robot, which she switches off and then proceeds to stand up.
The woman comforted the man and said sorry, I didn't mean what I said. She then stroked the back of his neck and switched off a switch connected to his neck which then seemed to make the man fall unconscious.
She apologised and went to hug him and pressed an off switch on his back, so he is acting coldly because he is a robot.
The wife apologised for her words, and gently traced a finger behind her husbands head down to his neck, still cradling him. At the back of his neck is revealed to be a small adjustable switch. She flips this and his expression becomes even more blank and he slumps lifeless in her arms.
The woman then sits on his lap and says she is sorry and that she didn't mean what she said. She then proceeds to run her hand down the back of his head and under his shirt collar is revealed to be an on off switch. She flicks it down and he appears to turn off like a machine.
The lady apologises for insulting the man, she sits on his lap and hugs him. She caresses his neck and moves her hands towards the back of his shirt coller to reveal a switch in the back of his neck. The slides the switch to the off position. The reveals that the man is actually  a robot who has now been disabled.
As she sits on his lap, she runs her hand down the back of his head to comfort him and says she didn't mean what she said, he does not say or do anything in reply, she runs her hand further down to his neck below his hairline, moving his collar down and reveals a switch on the back of his head. She slides the silver switch downward and he immediately powers down and goes limp, his head falling forward which she supports with her hands. 
The woman comes over and  hugs the man, she apologises and regrets her outburst. She strokes his head and neck, she reaches behind, a swith is on the back of the mans head, she flicks it, the man stops moving and his head lolls to the side, she looks at him
After pouring water on him he lit a ciggarate and she seized it and then he lit another while she tells him what she wants for her anniversary before walking up to him and apologizing, then she went ahead and sit on his thigh and flipped a switch at the back of his neck.
The girlfriend is angry because he's not really engaged in talking with her; she says you're not a surgeon, you're a computer analyst. Just try to loosen up. She goes over to him and presses a button on his neck, after that he seems to pass out or looked like he was 'deactivated'
The woman comforts the man and slides her hand so that his neck is exposed. This uncovers a switch. This seems to suggest that the man is actually a robot of some form. She turns the switch off and the man collapses like a robot switching off.
The wife looks like she is trying to comfort the husband but is really going for the off switch that is on the back of his neck and turns him off.
The girfriend says I didn't mean what I said and embracing the boyfriend with his head on her shoulder she caresses the back of his head down towards a switch on the back of his neck.  She moves the switch and he powers off, it appears that he is a robot of some kind.
As the woman continued to hold the man close, she slowly moves her hand down the back of his head toward his neck. As she moves his collar lower, it's revealed that there is some sort of switch there, which she moves to what is presumably the off setting. The man appears to be powered off after she does so.
The woman gets up and walks over to her husband, apologizing. nShe runs her hand down his neck, pushing his collar down, revealing a switch in his neck- she flips the switch and he goes limp. There is a sound of him 'powering down'. 
After they fought, she moves in gives him a tender hug, and apologizes, saying she didn't mean the hurtful things she said. Then she reaches back to his neck, where there's an off switch! He's a robot! She switches him off and then grabs his limp body from falling to the ground.
