The woman and man get into a verbal argument and the man lights up a cigarette. The woman takes the cigarette and puts it out saying to not smoke in her house. Then he lights up another cigarette and she sits back down at the table and says sarcastically that this is exactly how she wanted to spend their anniversary; having terrible small talk at dinner and then have mechanical sex.
The man lights a cigarette and the woman storms over to him, takes it out of his mouth and stubbs it out in an ash tray. As soon as this happens, he lights another cigarette and she says 'thats exactly what I wanted for my anniversary, passive smoking'. The tension is increasing in the room. 
The woman splashed wine on the man and asked him to relax, as he was being robotic at the dinner table. The man then took out a case, took  cigarette out and began to light it. The woman came up to him and snatched it out walked back to her side of the table and put it out in a glass ash tray. When she turned he had another in his mouth lit. She muttered this is how i want to spend my anniversary's with some cigarette smoke and mechanical sex or something like that
the wife finished her drink in one go and poured herself another one. her husbands tries to go about normal conversation. she threw her wine on him and yelled at him to relax a little and have a drink. he lit a cigarette. she is not happy about this and took it off him. he lit another one. she then talked about the great evening ahead of her, second hand smoke followed by boring conversation and then if she is lucky, mechanical sex.
The man gets out a cigarette and lights. The woman angrily takes it and stubs it out. The man takes out another cigarette and lights it. The woman then sarcastically thanks him for giving her passive smoke as an anniversary present and describes the rest of their evening as being dull. She then insults the man's skills in the bedroom, and he looks shocked. 
The man lights a cigarette which angers the woman and she takes it from him. He lights another and begins to smoke which just makes her angrier. She sarcastically comments about not wanting passive smoke and poor conversation for her anniversary. Then comments that she hay even get some short, mechanical sex.
The woman and man argued. The woman threw wine or water in his face, after drinking two glasses of wine. He responds by lighting a cigarette which she attempts to put out, but he lights another. She says he needs to relax as he's only a computer analyst. She complains that the anniversary is ruined, sarcastically commenting on the stilted conversation likey to be followed by bad sex
The woman pours herself more wine, then gets upset and throws a glass of wine on her boyfriend.  He responds by lighting up a cigarette.  The woman gets upset and says he won't smoke in her house.  She grabs the cigarette and puts it out.  Almost immediately, he lights up another one.  She is frustrated by his combativeness, and then she starts making sarcastic comments about the stilted conversation and short, mechanical sex they will have.
The woman downs a glass of wine quickly before pouring herself another glass. Meanwhile the man across from her compliments the asparagus and the woman comments that its an aphrodisiac and then the man is like who says that and she's like I don't know people do. The woman then throws a drink on the man angrily and tells him to relax. The man then lights and cigarette which makes the woman unhappy about her anniversary dinner. 
The man lights a cigarette so the woman says don't you smoke in my home.  He carries on so she says that passive smoking, stilted conversation and cowered sex are just what she wants on her anniversary
The guy pulls out a cigarette and lights it, and the woman rushes over to grab it from his mouth and put it out. When she walks away he pulls out another one and lights it. Looking defeated, the woman sits back down at the table and sarcastically says passive smoke, that's exactly what I wanted for my anniversary then accuses him of being a bad conversation partner, and bad in bed. Only the last thing seems to upset the man.
the man was angry about the her throwing the wine over him so he lit a cigerette, the woman took it off him and stumped it out the man just lights another, the lady sits down and and speaks to him about passive smoking on her anniversary 
The man lights a cigarette and the woman stands and takes it away from him and puts it out. He lights another and she takes her seat and makes sarcastic comments about what she really wanted for her anniversary closing with her expectation of getting some short mechanical sex.
the man lights a cigarette. the woman gets up from her chair and says not in my house and takes the cigarette and puts it out in an ashtray. he lights another cigarette. the woman is sitting in her chair. she says- thats just want i want for my anniversary and then we have some mechanical sex. thee man keeps smoking his cigarette. the woman seems angry
The boyfriend started smoking and the girl got up to remove the smoke from his lips saying Don't you smoke in my house and just before she puts it out, the boyfriend brought out another cigar and continued smoking. She gave up and just sat down saying that he should go ahead and smoke, that it's just she wanted in her anniversary sarcastically. With some stilted conversation and if she is lucky, a short mechanical sex at this the boyfriend looked at her in shock.
The guy, now drenched in water lights up a ciggarette, the woman goes to him and shouts ''you cannot smoke in my house'' then proceeds to put it out in a glass ashtray but then the guy lights one up again. The lady says that she is not enjoying her anniversary 
she begins to say don't you dare and the cmera pans to the man putting a cigarette in his mouth, don't you dare smoke in my house. he lights the cigartte, she gets up, goes over to him, retrieves the cigarette, goes over to an ashtray, puts it out. while she did that, he lit another and continues to smoke. she sits down and starts to say how all she wanted for her anniversary was passive smoke, stilted conversation and perhaps some mechanical sex, he looks shocked.
The woman complains to the husband because she is not happy about the situation. She says he spends too much time on his computer and not enough on their relationship. The man proceeds to take out a cigarette and just as he is about to light it the woman stands up, grabs the cigarette from his mouth and gets rid of it. But the man brings out another cigarette and lights it up.
After the woman pours wine on the man's face, he takes something out of his pocket. The woman says Don't you dare, the man proceeds to take a cigarette out and put it in his mouth, the woman says Don't you dare smoke a cigarette in my house and proceeds to get up and walk towards the man and grab the cigarette out of his mouth and walks to a steel plate and puts it out. The man takes another cigarette and puts it in his mouth and lights it up. The woman says Great, passive smoking is what I get for my anniversary and mechanical sex.
The man lit a cigarette and the lady gets up and takes it away from him telling him not to smoke in her house. When she turns back to the man he has lit another cigarette. The lady tells the man that is exactly what she wants in a sarcastic manner to have second hand smoke, rubbish conversation and short mechanical sex.
after she tosses her drink at his face, the boyfriend lights a cigarette and then she gets mad and takes the lit cigarette from him and extinguishes it. He then lights another one and she's super angry and tells him how angry she is with him. 
The man decides to light up a cigarette, the woman jumps up annoyed and takes the cigarette off him and puts it out. Th man then lights up another cigarette, the woman disapproves and comments on the passive smoke, lack of conversation and terrible sex.
The man lit a cigarette and the woman yelled at him not to smoke in the house. She took it from him but he immediately lit another one. She complained about second-hand smoke and then mentioned sarcastically, that's just what I want on my anniversary -- second hand smoke and short mechanical sex
The man lit up a cigarette and the girl got really annoyed got up took it and stubbed it out.The man straight away lit another and blew smoke,the girl had sat back down and said lovely passive smoking all she wanted on her anniversary and mentioned mechanical sex.
The man lights a cigarette and the woman stops him and says Not in my house. He lights another. She says, That's just what I wanted for my anniversary, smoking, a stilted conversation and if I'm lucky some short mechanical sex.
The man is covered in the wine that the woman threw over him. He lights a cigarette and she is angry with him as she doesn't want to sit in the smoke while eating. She takes the cigarette out of his mouth and puts it out on a table away from him and by the time she turns around he has already lit another one. She makes a remark about them having passive sex that night and doesn't seem happy.
The woman throws her drink at her partner in frustration because he's refusing to join her and drink. He ignores her and lights up a cigarette. The woman gets angry at him smoking in her house and takes his cigarette and puts it out while shes doing so he lights up another cigarette. The woman complains about how they're spending their anniversary and also insults his performance in bed. 
She gets angry and throws her glass of wine over him from across the table. He gets a cigarette and goes to light it. She seems angry and says dont you dare. He lights it and starts to smoke, she comes over and takes it out of his mouth and puts it out in an ashtray, saying he cant smoke in her house. He then gets another cigarette and lights that, smoking it. She reveals it is their anniversary, saying how unhappy she is for the awkward conversation and mechanical sex they will probably have. 
He takes a cigarette out and lights it. The lady is angry and gets up and snatches it from his mouth, stubbing it out in the sink but he takes another out and lights that one up too. She is angry and sits down again saying she didn't want passive smoke on her anniversary, That she says and followed by short mechanical sex. He looks at her.
He lights a cigarette and the woman grabs it off him really quickly and runs away to the sink and ashtray to put it out, but h has already lit another. She gives in and says OK, smoke it. Then she says, sarcastically, that she wants to follow this by having some robot mechanical sex.
