The woman sits back down after offering the man a drink. She asks him if he knows it is their anniversary. He replies by saying he cant drink when he is on call. She then drinks her entire glass of wine in one and then sighs. She then picks up the bottle of wine to refill her glass. 
The girl reminds her boyfriend that it's their anniversary. The boyfriend says something and then the girl drinks from her glass, finishes it and pours more from the bottle that's in front of her
The woman sits back down after attempting to pour her partner a glass of white wine. She says, You know it's our anniversary. Her partner responds, You know I can't drink when I'm on call. The woman then proceeds to drain her glass of white wine and pour another, looking pointedly at her partner as she does so.
the woman is not happy the man refused the drink, she says it is their anniversary, but he tells her he can't drink when he is on call.nnshe is not impressed and proceeds to down the wine in her glass, before giving herself a top up.nnthe tension is high
The lady tries to give the man some wine. He refuses because he is on call. He seems annoyed. She reminds him that it is their anniversary, and gulps down her wine quickly.
After offering more wine to the man and being turned down, the woman goes back to her seat and continues eating. They have a brief exchange. The woman then chugs the wine that is remaining in her glass. She looks directly at the man while she pours another glass of wine.
The woman says to the man, You know it's our anniversary. The man replies, You know I can't drink when I'm on call. The woman then lifts up her full wine glass and drinks the whole glass of wine very quickly, then proceeds to pour herself another glass.
A cuple are eating at a table but quite far apart. There is no conversation, the woman gets up to put wine in the man's glass but he puts his hand across it and says he is not drinking. She says you know it's our anniversary and proceeds to top herself up and drik the wine. They don't appear to be getting on very well.
A man and a woman are sat at the opposite ends of a table having an anniversary meal. The woman pours herself more wine.
After he says not for me when she tries to pour him some wine she goes back to her seat at the other end of the table. She look pretty annoyed. She tells him that it's their anniversary and he says that she knows he can't drink when he's on call. She then gulps down her glass of wine and pours herself another glass.
The woman looks at the man and says you know it is our anniversary and he replies that she knows he can't drink when on call. The woman looks sad and drinks her glass of wine in one gulp before filling it back up and looking directly at the man 
it's their anniversary and the man does not want to drink when he is on call. The woman is overindulgent and decides to consume a full glass of wine.
There is a couple having dinner at a long fancy set table. She stands up and moves to his side of the table and offers him wine. He refuses her offer of wine. She sits down again and says, 'You know it's our anniversary.' He says 'You know I can't drink when I'm on call.' She drinks her wine fast and then refills her glass. She gives him a angry look.  
The lady sits back down. She tells the man that it is their anniversary. He says that he knows, but that he can't drink whilst he is on call. She downs her entire glass of wine and pours herself another one.
The woman returns to her seat and says that it's their anniversary. Her boyfriend replies that she knows he can't drink when he is on call. She drains her wine glass, gives a satisfied sigh, gives him a snarky look, and starts to refill her glass.
The woman who was sitting across from the man tells him you know it is our anniversary. He says he can't drink while on call. She then drinks her who glass of wine. She looks unhappy and pours herself another glass of wine. The glass is sitting next to her on the table.
After The man refused the glass of wine the woman returned to her seat and he said you know I can't drink when I am on call. She then drained her glass and refilled it
A man and lady are at a table sharing a meal, when the lady attempts to fill her boyfriend husbands glass with wine.nThe man refuses the wine as he is on call.nThe lady seems annoyed and downs some wine - almost defiantly.
The woman told the man, 'you know its our anniversary...' she seemed disappointed that he wouldn't drink wine with her. He replies, 'you know I can't drink when I'm on call'. The woman seems upset, and finishes her glass of wine in one big sip, then refills her glass while smiling at the man.
The girlfriend sighs and sits back down, saying you know its our anniversary? To which the boyfriend replies you know I cant drink when Im on call. The girlfriend sighs, drinks an entire glass of wine and proceeds to fill it up
After the man rejects the wine, the woman sits back down and looks pretty cross - it's their anniversary. The man replies back that she knows he can't drink when he's on call. She is obviously annoyed by this and so she downs her glass of wine whilst making eye contact with the man, smiles passive aggressively and then refills her glass. He looks on.
After the boyfriend declines the glass of wine, his seemingly upset and frustrated girlfriend goes back to her chair and confronts the boyfriend about why he's not drinking, as it's their anniversary. Unsatisfied with his response, she pours herself a glass of wine and chugs it. Once finished, she goes to pour herself another glass. Her expression appears like she wants to taunt and challenge the boyfriend.
The woman sits back down after offering the man a drink of wine, which he refused by putting his hand over his empty glass. The women says to the man you know it is our anniversary and he replies you know I can't drink when I am on call. The woman is visibly annoyed and picks up her glass of white wine and proceeds to drink it all in one go. She thumps the glass back on the table and defiantly pours herself another glass of wine looking with annoyance at her husband seated at the other end of the dining table.
The woman seemed disappointed that the man would not drink, she said that it was their anniversery but the man, with a serious face told her that he can not drink while 'on call'.nThe woman, still disappointed drank the rest of her glass of wine quickly and filled up another for herself, also proceeding to drink that one too.
There's a man and a woman dining together with foods and drinks and the lady said today is our anniversary and the man said he can't drink so the woman took her drinks and pour 1 more cup
The girl goes to give the boyfriend some wine which he refuses so she returns to her seat and says You know it's our annaversary to which he says you know I can't drink when I am on call. She then pours herself a large glass of wine and drinks it down and the refills the glass
The girlfriend gets up and tries to pour her boyfriend a glass of wine, but the boyfriend refuses in a very cold manner. The girlfriends tells him that it is their anniversary, but the boyfriend, who seems to be a doctor, tells her coldly that he cannot drink while he is on call.
The couple continues to eat tensely in silence. The woman tries to pour an alcoholic beverage into the man's glass and he refuses. She says, You know it's our anniversary and he says she know he can't drink. Seemingly irritated, she drinks the rest of her glass and pours more. 
A man and a woman are sitting at far ends of a table, with a candlelit dinner. They are not communicating or paying attention to each other, but only their meal. The woman glances a few times at the man, in frustration. She finally gets up and brings a bottle of wine toward the man, who still doesn't look up at her, but places his hand over his wine glass. He says he doesn't want any. She returns to her seat, and says You know it's our anniversary. He says You know i can't drink when I'm on call.: She looks frustrated. She downs her full glass of white wine, and pours herself another, and starts drinking it. It's a very sad lack of connection, and difference of expectations 
there is a man and woman having dinner, the woman goes to pour the man some wine and he refuses it. the woman then drinks her whole glass down and pours another while giving him taunting looks
