The wife tells customer service that she is unhappy with her current model robotic husband as she looks over at him slumped over in his chair after she switched him off. She says he lacks adventure. The agent asks her if she would like to upgrade to a better model. As she is looking at her screen, she sees other male models and she then says she prefers a rock climber, but then sees a handsome male massaging a woman and says quickly, oh no.
She is complaining on the phone that her model isn't ambition or adventurous enough.  The woman on the phone asks if she would like to be upgraded to another model.  The woman is looking on her laptop at other models and says 'how about a rock climber?'
The operator asks the girlfriend what the issue is. The girlfriend states that her current model lacks ambition and adventure. The operator comments that that is a common error with the model 100, and offers an upgrade. The girlfriend says yes. The Operator asks if she has anything in mind? The girlfriend says something sporty, maybe a rock climber? As she is clicking on an image of a model 300 on her laptop. The clip ends with the girlfriend exclaiming oh no!
The scene starts with the girlfriend on the phone with support. She is unhappy with her robotic boyfriend. She wants to upgrade her model to a sportier version. 
turns out,,,he is a robot. she calls the helpline to get an upgraded model.
She is still on the phone with support. She complains that her current model is not meeting her needs, that it lacks ambition. Support agrees that that is a common complaint with the 100 model and would she like to upgrade to a different model. Our heroine concurs and wonders if she might have rock climber, then says, oh no!
She gets on the phone to customer support complaining that her current model is boring and she would like to upgrade to something more exciting. She states she would like the rock climber but then suddenly changes her mind.
The woman is on the phone with the robotics technical support. She tells them that she is unhappy with her purchase because he lacks ambition and excitement, and asks for a replacement model. Technical support asks what she has in mind and the woman states that she would like a rock climber.
The woman called a helpline for Robotics to exchange the robot she currently has. 
she calls technical support and says her man lacks adventour. the support person saiys that is a technical malfunction that is common with the D100 series and she offers an upgrade and askes what she would like. She'd like a more sporty version, and looks on her laptop at a 05 Paul D-300 series.
She dialed the robotics customer service and expressed her dissastisfaction with her current model. He lacks ambition, he lacks sense of adventure, she explained. I'm looking for someone sportier.
The woman explains that she is dissatisfied wants to change her robot model and the advisor asks what her preferences would be for an upgrade. The woman checks the website and indicates she would like a rock climber, but then is uncertain.
THE MAN I THOUGHT WAS HER HUSBAND HIS A ROBOT SHE SWITCH HIM OFF AND STARTED SHOPPING FOR ANOTHER SHE PHONES CUSTOMER SERVICE AND THERE SAID ITS A MALFUNCTION.
On the phone, the female character said she was unsatisfied with her current model as it lacked ambition. Tech support acknowledged this and offered her an upgrade. The female character said she would be happy with this and asked for a sportier model. While browsing on their website, she saw a rock climbing sporty model called Paul, which she asks for, but then seemed to change her mind.
The woman is on the phone with tech support, and she says she is unhappy with her current model of robot because he is not ambitious enough.  Tech support says that's a common complaint with that model and asks if she would prefer a different model.  The woman says yes.  She looks at her computer and asks for the rock climber, who is shown on the computer screen.  Then she says, oh no, like she is changing her mind.
the lady said on the phone that the unit was too academic so the lady on the phone asked what she would prefer and she looked on the computer at a unit named paul and said she would like someone sporty and said like a rock climber 
The man sitting down was a Robbot,she reached out to the customers service to make an enquirry and complain about her Robbot that he lacks compasion which the customers service affirm to be the general issue.
Women looks up robotic website and rings a 0800 technical support number. She reports  problem with her 100 model saying he lacks ambition. OPerator says this is common issue with the 100 series. She asks if there is anything more sportier and operator says yes what you after. She suggests a rock climber as first but then says no.
The wife has now shut the brain off of her husband showing him to be a robot. She then calls the company who manufactures the robots and complains that her husband lacks  ambition the call handler then apoligises and says that lacking ambition is a normal defect of her husbands robot series. To satisfy her she is offered an upgrade to which she agrees on and selects the robot that seems to be a rockclimber.
The woman complains that her model lacks ambition and has no sense of adventure. The call handler says that this is common with her model and offers an upgrade. The woman says that she would prefer a model that is sporter like a rock-climber.
The girl calls a certain number that was on the screen , and a lady answers. The girl complains that the robot boyfriend she has lacks ambition and she wants another one .The lady on the other side of the phone stated that was how that model operated. Then the lady on the other side ask if she had any preferances of the one she wants. Then she chooses the one called Paul
The woman is talking to customer service and says that she would like anew sportier model of boyfriends. She is viewing the model choices on a computer, and decides on a rock climber model.... but again changes her mind....
The woman reached support and provided that she is disatisffied with the model of her partner, upon the support asking to upgrade and admiting their fault she looked at the website and chose what she thought to be a rock climber model to then suddenly change her mind.
According to the girl, he lacks ambition and she wants to upgrade her robot model to a more advance one.
The woman says that she is unsatisfied with her current model of boyfriend and wants something sportier. She also says that he lacks ambition. The customer support says that that is a common problem with that model. She asks for a model that is a rock climber. 
She tells the woman on the phone she wants to upgrade her model as hers lacks ambition and she wants something sportier. The woman on the phone asks her if she's got something in mind, she says maybe a rock climber but when she clicks on a photo of the computer she says 'oh no'.
The woman asks the customer support to change her robot model due to a lack of ambition. She wants something sportier - final words being I want a rock climber... Oh no!...
No, the switch was on the man. She turns him off. Then she goes to her computer and starts looking up other robot men. She calls the company and says she is unhappy with her unit. They offer her an upgrade. She says how about a rock climber while looking at the picture of him. Then she sees another picture of him and say oh no. 
The woman tells the operator on the phone that her current robot lacks ambition, and the operator tells her that it's a common complaint with her model, and offers her an upgrade. The woman agrees, saying that she's looking for something sportier. The operator asks for more information and she looks back at her screen, saying that she'd like him to be a rock climber, before changing the image that she's looking at and saying No, wait.
She calls the company that made the robot to complain and request a new one. She says the one she had had no ambition. She wants one that's more responsive. She looks at the other models online and indicates the one she wants.
