The new model robot has arrived, and they take the old robot way. The woman looks melancholy, and asked them to wait. Taking one last look, she kissed him on the lips and then took a ring off his finger. She then placed it on the new robot, and turned him on. She sat back down to dinner as the robot woke up.
The woman kisses the old robot before taking its wedding ring off and placing it on the new robot's ring finger. She then switches the new robot on, he powers up, and looks around.
She gives the old robot a kiss goodbye and takes his wedding ring off. She transfers it to the new model and turns him on.
she gives one last kiss to her former robot and then proceeds to take his wedding band. She then puts it on the new robot's finger and sets him up for dinner where the other guy was before. She switches him on and goes to sit in front of him on the other side fo the table and waits with great anticipation while he slowly starts to come to life in a robotic way.
As the old robot is being taken out of the door the woman asked for them to wait a moment. She kisses the old robot and removes a ring from his finger. She then puts the ring on the finger of the new model and activates him using the switch in his neck. The new robot starts to wake up and make sense of his new surroundings.
She kisses the old robot and takes away its engagement ring. The new robot powers on.
She kisses her old boyfriend goodbye as they are taking him away. The woman then takes his ring off his finger. Afterwards, she puts the ring on the finger of her new model. The new one is sitting at the table when she then flips the switch. She goes to sit at the opposite end of the table and then watches as he turns on.
the woman kisses the old model as it is taken away, and removes the ring from his finger. She then puts the ring on the finger of the new model who is now seated at her table.
She then finishes customising her robot and then it arrives at the door. The delivery women unpackaged the new robot outside of her door and the woman seems intrigued. As the delivery women were taking the old robot away, the woman runs back to it and kisses him and removed his wedding ring and puts it on the new robot. She then sits down and waits for him to wake up.
she tells them to wait and she looks a bit sad, she runs over to old robot before they carry him off gives him a kiss on the lips and takes his wedding ring off. Then u see her putting the wedding ring on the finger of the new robot. Then you see them sat at the table again, the switch goes on and he turns on and you see him look slightly confused.
The new robot was delivered. As they were taking the old one away she stopped gave him a goodby kiss and took his wedding ring and put it on the new robot.
The wife kisses the robot she is replacing goodbye and removes his wedding ring. She places the wedding ring on the new robot model's hand and switches him off via the same on off switch as the previous model had on the back of his neck. She sits down at the dinner table and watches him as he boots up. His eyes flicker uncertainly as he 'comes to'.
She kisses the old robot and takes off the wedding ring. She then puts the wedding ring on the new robot and switches him on. The robot wakes up and looks around. 
old robot husband is being removed and is placed in a lift.  The wife says wait a minute and runs into the lift and kisses him and removes his wedding ring.  Scene then cuts to wedding ring being placed on new robot husband. Wife switches him on via the switch on his neck.  He wakes up and looks around him confused.
She gives her former robot husband a goodbye kiss and takes his ring. She places the ring on the new robot sat across from her. The robot begins to wake up and take in its surroundings. 
The woman went to kiss the 100 series robot goodbye and took the ring from his ringer, she then looked regretful at her new 200 series robot and she turned the robot on and he looked down at the table and seemed to start to eat the food.
She kisses her old robot partner goodbye whilst he's still turned off and takes the ring off him. The are robot wakes up.
Prometeus robotics is about to cart away her old model husband when she asks them to wait, then she kisses him once briefly, removes the wedding ring on her finger places it on her new model husband who is is blonde, hunkier and has shaggier hair. She flips a switch on the back of his neck and he slowly becomes conscious and he is positioned at the dinner table, just where her old model husband was seated.
As they are ready to remove the old model, the woman seems to have some doubts, she tells them to wait and goes over and gives it a kiss then removes a ring from his finger and puts it on the new model which is then activated sitting at the table.
The lady kisses goodbye her previous model robot and removes the gold ring from his wedding finger. She slides the ring on the finger of her new model. Her new robot is sat at the dinner table infornt of her. She slides the switch at the back of his neck to the on position. He slowly wakes and she greets him
She runs to give the old robot partner a gentle kiss on the lips before removing his wedding band and placing it on her new robot partner. We see the new robot partner start to come to life having replaced the old one at the table, with subtle robot sounds and a sense of disorientation as he struggles to operate his hand properly and is fumbling whist the woman watches on. 
The woman gives the old man a kiss on the lips and takes the weeding ring from his fingers. She puts it on the new mans fingers. The new man looks the same but with a beard, he is at the table and she flicks the switch which turns him on
A new robotic husband was brought to her and the company took the old husband to dispose, before moving out with him the lady asked them to wait while she removed her ring and gave him a kiss, she then moved over and put the ring on the new husband and flipped the switch on, he opened his eyes.
The lady orders a new man model, robot, from Prometheus robotics, and sits him at the dinner table. 
The lady kisses the old robot goodbye and takes the wedding ring off him. She then puts the ring on the new upgraded robot and then switches him on. 
The wife gave the husband she is returning a good bye kiss and took off his wedding ring and placed it onto the new husband she had ordered which was delivered to her.
As the delivery people from the robotics company are wheeling away the old robot boyfriend, the girlfriends asks them to wait and she rushes out and kisses him and removes a ring from his finger.  She takes the ring to the new model and puts it on him before seating him at the table.
The woman received her new husband and promptly set him up like her old one, which included putting a wedding band on him. When he boots up, he is sitting in the same seat her previous one was at the dinner table that was set up for their anniversary dinner.
The woman removes the wedding ring from her former robotic husband, gives him a kiss and the company agents wheel him away. She puts the wedding ring on the new husband and powers him on, they are sitting at the dinner table together. He looks up at her but doesn't look confused
She watches as they wheel her deactivated old robot boyfriend out the door, but then she seems struck by a pang of regret. She developed more feelings for him than she cared to admit. She kisses him briefly goodbye on his lips, takes the wedding ring off his finger, and then puts it on the new robot boyfriend. Then she activates the new one, and he looks around confused like he doesn't know where he is. 
