She apologizes while chewing and then rises and goes over to embrace him. As she runs her hand around his head, the camera shows a flip switch on the back of his head. She then takes her hand and touches it.
The woman gets up and walks over to the guy to apologise.  She hugs him and then starts to move her hand down the back of his head.  She pulls his collar down and there is an on off looking switch in the back of his neck!!! Her hand is moving towards the switch
The girlfriend says I'm sorry and walks over to and sits on top of her boyfriend. She caresses him and says I didn't mean what I said. He grabs her waist and she gently moves her had to the back of his neck, moves his collar to reveal that there is a switch there! It appears as if she is going to flip the switch that is on his neck!
The girlfriend says she is sorry. She then sits on the boyfriends lap and comforts him. The scene ends with what appears to be a port on the boyfriends neck. 
she apolgises to him, and goes to him. but seems to have found a switch implanted within.
A look of regret appears on her face and she apologies for what she said. She crosses over and sits on his lap, embracing him and apologises again. Her hand caresses his neck and it look like it is about to transition to a love scene, but as her hand moves behind his shirt collar it is revealed that the boyfriend has a switch on his neck, embedded in his skin. She flicks the switch.
She apologises to her husband for what she had said and went over and hugged him and started to play with his hair and neck to where we saw that he had a switch on the back of his neck.
The woman apologizes to the man and then goes to sit on his lap. She runs her hands along his head and onto the back of his neck. It then shows that he has a computer chip inside the back of his neck.
The woman started an argument with the man for being passive. He lit a cigarette and she put it out. She apologized for starting the fight and sat on his lap and ran her finger over, what looked like, a switch on the mans neck. 
The lady apologises and goes over to him, sits on his lap and cuddles with his. She said she didn't mean what she said and runs her hand through hs hair and down his neck. There is a button there.
The woman apologized and hugged the man, then gently mover her hand to the back of his neck, where she revealed some soft of switch hidden there.
The woman apologises for her comments and walks over to the man and sits on his lap. She caresses him with her hands and tells him she did not mean what she said. As she caresses his neck she reveals an implant on his body.
SHE THROW A GLASS WINE ON HER HUSBAND HE LIGHTS A CIGARETTE GETS HER REALLY MAD TALK ABOUT PASSIVE SMOKING AND MECHANICAL SEX SHE FEELS HIS NECK LOOK LIKE A SWITCH BUTTON
The female character apologised and went to the male character. She said, I didn't mean what I said and sat in his lap. She stroked down the back of his head with her hand, moving the collar of his shirt, which exposed a silver switch on the back of the male character's neck. Her finger lingered over the switch, poised to flick it down, into what is presumably the 'off' position.
The woman apologizes and then goes and sits on the man's lap.  She says she didn't mean what she said.  Then she runs her hand down his head and neck, and pulls the collar of his shirt down, which exposes a hole in the back of his neck with some weird piece of metal in it.  
the lady apologised about what she said and walked over to the male, she then sat on his lap and gave him a hug. she then used her hands to rub the mans head and reach his switch in the neck
The lady try to apologies and sit on his lap,then cuddle him and wrap her arm on his neck. She then try to press a button while caresing his head.
After chunking teh wine at the man women comes to the man and says she's sorry. Man look afar seems upset and distant. When you see the back of the man it is revealed it might be some kind of human robot or andorid as there is metal switch on the neck.
The couple get into an argument starting by the wife complaining that the husband hasnt drank then flings her drink on him. Which he responds by smoking in her house which she gets heavily offended by. After that she then goes over to him almost to seduce him but just before you woke up it shows the husband has a switch on the back of his neck which the wife seemed to be gong for
The woman said she was sorry, and went over to comfort the man who looked upset. She hugged him and said she didn't mean what she said. Then you saw her hand move down his head to the back of his neck where there was a switch. She pushed this switch down.
The girl stood up from her chair while apologizing to her boyfriend of what she  had just said . She sat oh his laps and started caressing him so gently that's when she felt something like a button on his neck
The woman consoles the boyfriend and apologizes for what she said to him. She sits on his lap and strokes his head back down to the back of his neck. At the back of his neck there is a switch of some sort.
The woman stood up to go comfort the man and to do she has sat on his lap and hugged him, whispering she didn't mean what she said. It cuts to a scene of her hand running down his back and finding and electrical switch.
She sat on her boyfriend and apologized for throwing Champaign at him, but he had some kind of switch on his neck at the end at the clip 
The woman apologizes to the man for what she said and then walks over to him and gives him a hug. She sits on his lap and strokes the back of his head. She pulls down his collar and reveals an on off switch and motions towards it. 
The woman says she's sorry and walks over to the man. She sits on his knee and says she didnt mean what she said, she runs her hand down his neck and pushes down the neck of his shirt revealing a switch on the back of the mans neck.
The woman apologises and goes on to hug the man and start caressing his hair. We are shown that the man has an off switch at the back of his neck - indicating he is of artificial  robotic nature.
The woman throws the glass of wine at the man. She yells mean things at him. He light s a cigarette. She puts it out and he lights another. The she sits on his lap and says I'm sorry. he puts his arm around her and his hand hovers over a switch on the back of her neck.
The woman apologises and and approaches the man, straddling his lap and saying that she didn't mean what she said. She hugs him and runs her hand downwards through his hair slowly, pulling his collar down and revealing a switch on the back of his neck.
After they argued briefly the woman went over and apologized to the man. She hugged him. Then she put her hand in his hair and it was revealed there was a switch there indicating he's really a robot.
