The robot rubs the girl's shoulders and asks how her day was.  She answers about the mundane things she did (went to lunch with Anna etc.) but she is aroused by the shoulder rubbing.  She suddenly opens her eyes wider but we don't know why yet.
The new husband comes over to give the women a massage and right at the end he's reaching for her neck. 
The new robot stands behind the woman as she's still seated at the dinner table. He enquires about her day as he begins to massage her shoulders. 
the women switch the new man on he the goes over to the women to ask how her day went and give a masarge   
He starts massaging the woman and asks how her day was and she enjoys the massage. She says she went out in the morning, had light lunch with her friend and then something. He keeps massaging her and at the end he touches her neck area and she seems surprised. 
She ended up powering the new boyfriend on. They sat together at the dinner table and began eating. The new unit began the same dialogue as the previous one and declined drinking alcohol just like the first one. It claimed asparagus was an aphrodisiac just like the first one but it instead got up and walked closer to her after saying that.
he goes to massage her shoulders while asking about her day. she tells him about it, she went to town to get some things for her anniversary. Also goes out with anna she says
The robot asked about her day. She said that she went into town to pick up things for tonight and have lunch with Anna. She then says that she decided to treat herself.
The new model asks the woman how her day was, to which the woman replies 'I went into town to get some stuff for tonight, I had a light lunch with Anna, and since tonight is our anniversary...'. Her sentence is interrupted.
The blond boyfriend asks the female character about what how was her day, whilst he starts massaging her shoulder. The female character is enjoying the massage and tells the boyfriend that she went to town and she had lunch with Anna. The boyfriend slowly moves his hands, whilst still massaging the female character, from her shoulders to the back of her  neck
The new boyfriend stands behind her and starts giving her a massage, asking her about her day. The woman looks pleased. She begins detailing her day, going shopping and seeing her friend Anna but struggles as she seems to be enjoying the massage a lot and not able to concentrate.
While the boyfriend was rubbing her shoulders, the woman started telling him about her day and making pleasured and surprised facial expressions. She said yet again that it was their anniversary, and then the boyfriend's hands started travelling up her neck. She had a shocked expression on her face at the very end
The boyfriend began to massage the woman's shoulders as he asked her how her day was. She tells me him how she spent her day as he continues to massage her shoulders passionately.
The new man starts to eat and complimets her on the asparagas and then he starts to massage her shoulders whilst asking about her day.
She puts the ring that she took off her husband and puts it onto the new robotic man and turns his switch on. They are sitting at the dining table across from each other and he starts eating after booting up. She asks him if he'd like some wine, but he too declines like her robotic husband did before. She looks instantly disappointed, and he quickly praised her on her asparagus just like her robotic husband did too which further makes her look disappointed. He finally said the same thing she told her robotic husband when she replied to her robotic husband after her complimented her asparagus. This put a bit of a smile on her face like maybe he was a bit different. He stood up and walked over to her and started to massage her shoulders and asks how her day was. She seems very happy about this but as he is massaging her, the closer he got to the middle of her neck she looked like she got scared. 
The new model of husband asks his wife what she did today. As he asks her, he is massaging her shoulders. She tells him that she picked up some things for tonight and had lunch with Anna. 
The new unit current boyfriend is giving the woman a shoulder massage. He askes about her day. She describes it. The camera zooms in on his hands wandering on her neck. The woman she seems relaxed before suddenly her eyes open. 
The new robot boyfriend goes behind the lady and starts to massage her shoulders. He asked what the lady has done today and she responds that she has gone into town for a few things for this evening. She also went for a light lunch with Anna. The robot starts to look for something on the ladys neck,
The new robotic boyfriend approaches the girlfriend and asks her to tell him about her day.  He gives her a shoulder and neck massage whilst they are chatting.  She said he had been into town, had a light lunch with Anna and decided to treat herself to .....
The man starts to massage the woman and asks how her day has gone. She responds with a smile on her face, says she had a quick lunch with Anna and that she went shopping to buy the food they are eating now. The mans hands continue to massage her neck and they his hands move to the centre of her neck.
The male robot begins to massage the lady's shoulders and ask her about her day. She lists a few things and then becomes suspicious that he is going to switch off her power button
This model, same's looks, he's doing all the running, same looks but different software, although I think she's only interested in his hardware, he massages her neck, softly , she likes this as she tells him about her day, going into town, meeting a friend, as she shopped for that nights meals, as he carressed her neck, around the back under her hair , her face, now a shocked expression, maybe I'm wrong but I think she too has an off switch, her sporty model, may find her too dull, perhaps the grass wasn't greener ..
He walked towards put his hands on her shoulders where you stopped and started giving her a massage. His hands were strong and tender. She looked so surprised initially but then relaxed and started enjoying it. He immediately asked about her day and she said she went to the shops, then went for lunch with her friend and then decided to treat herself since it was her anniversary. His hands started moving upwards towards her head.
She positions her new robot husband at the dinner table. She then switches him on. He awakens and scans the scene making robot noises. He sees he is at dinner and begins eating. He says the asparagus is really tender smiling. She says thank you dear. He says you know they say asparagus is an aphrodisiac. She says really who? He gets up walks around and begins massaging her shoulders. He then says he does not know, and asks her about her day. The new husband listens while massaging her shoulders and neck as she describes her day, he then begins fiddling with her dress in the back and she becomes very wide eyed.
The new robot stands up and gives her a back massage and asks about her day, she seems relaxed and happy to talk. 
The man stands behind the woman and asks her about her day giving her at the same time a neck   shoulder massage. The woman says she went into the town to pick up some things for the night and also that shem met with Anna.
The husband comes over and begins massaging her and asking about her day. She talks about what she did that day while enjoying the massage.
The new robot (now with the ring of his left hand - correction from previous scene) wakes up, refuses a glass of wine and comments on the tenderness of the asparagus, mentioning that people say it is an aphrodisiac. He rises and goes to the woman and asks about her day, giving her a neck massage. She suddenly stiffens - is she about to be turned off...?
The boyfriend comes over to the girlfriend at the table after his comment about the asparagus being an aphrodisiac and starts to give her a massage whilst he is asking her about her day. She seems pleased and relaxed and smiling whilst he is doing this but then he starts to massage her neck and her face changes to a look of shock
The man approached the woman and began massaging her shoulders and neck while asking about her day. She said that she went out during the day and had lunch and then decided to treat herself.
