He turns of the switch behind the woman's head. He walks away to go and sit and smoke whiles he watches tv.
the new robot turned her button off and sat down and watched tv
The male robot smokes a cigarette whilst watching sport on TV with his feet up
After he'd switched her button off, he walked over to the sofa and turned on the tv. You can hear a crowd chant, and a whistle, so he's watching sport as he drinks and smokes his lit cigarette. 
the boyfriend sits down and starts to watch tv while smoking a ciggerette
after having switched off the lady the man sits down on the sofa, puts a sports match on the television and lights up a cigarette and smokes it.
You missed nothing. He just kept smoking and watching the game. Last we saw he was staring fixedly ahead.
The new unit sits on the sofa with his feet up. He is smoking a cigarette and is holding a bottle in his other hand. He watches the TV and looks quite sad.
He goes on to the couch to watch the tv. He starts smoking a cigarette while watching the tv, but his eyes look lifeless.
The new unit went and sat down and turned on the tv and lit up a cigarette.
The man watches TV by himself, and in the final cut to his face he does not look happy. 
The robot man lit a cigarette as he watched the TV
The new robot sits down on the sofa after switching the button of the lady. He starts smoking and football noises can be heard from the screen. He has a very intense look on his face.
he sits in front of tv with his feet up, seemingly watching sport as he smokes a cigarette.
He smokes a puff of his cigarette and continues to watch the TV. 
Robot just say down and watching telly.
The man then gets up and start giving the lady a massage and switches off her button at the back of her head because she's a robot to. He then goes and sits on the sofa and begins watching some kind of sport on the tv. 
After turning her off he continues to watch sport on TV smoking a cigarette.
The man keeps watching TV and smoking. His face looks wicked.
the male bot went to the couch turned the tv on and sat watching whilst smoking a cigaretter and holding the wine, he didnt have a good look on his face
he continued to smoke and watch football and the lady is still off
The male robot has switched the woman off and is smoking and drinking whilst watching tv
After the male robot switches of the female he sits on the sofa, lights a cigarette and proceeds to watch a football game on TV. 
The husband unit massages the woman while he asks about her day. Then he finds her switch and turns her off. He lights a cigarette, sits on the sofa, and turns on sports.
Her new robotic husbands walked over to her and massages her shoulders asking what kind of day she had. While she was replying back he switches her off. He then sits down and has a cigarette while watching TV.  
He takes a drag of the cigarette as he stares at the tv screen. 
The guy was sitting in the couch watching television
the new robot turned off the woman and started to watch tv
The man robot watches the game.
the male robot is watching the football with a cigarette
