The camera panned to the woman and man still chewing their food once more. The woman then got up from her seat on the right side of the table (camera point of view) and grabs the white wine and walks over the man and goes to pour the drink. The man puts his right hand palm over the glass and says none for me dear and then she walks back over to her seat with an annoyed and saddened look on her face and says you know its our anniversary, and the guy says you know I can't drink on call, and then the camera pans to her drinking the rest of her wine steadily while looking at him with her head titled up.
The woman gets up from the table with the bottle of wine and goes to pour it in the man's glass. The man says no as he is on call. The woman says it's our anniversary and looks disgruntled. After sitting back down she downs the rest of the wine from her glass
They continue to eat dinner. The woman then gets up and attempts to pour a glass of wine for the man. The man covers his glass and says None for me dear. The woman then sits back down and looks upset. She then says You know it's our anniversary. The man then replies You know I can't drink when I'm on call. Then the woman gulps down her glass of wine.
The woman got up and went to pour the man a glass of wine.  He says 'not for me dear'.  The woman sat down looking a bit annoyed and said 'you know its our anniversary'.  The man says 'you know I can't drink when I'm on call'.  The woman then downs her glass of wine.
A couple are sitting at either end of a dining table eating. The woman gets up to fill the mans wine glass which he stops her. She goes and sits back down and says that it is their anniversary and the man says that he cant drink when he's on call. The woman then proceedes to down her glass of wine in one go.
A man and a woman are eating. The woman tries to pour the man a glass of alcohol, but he refuses, claiming that he cannot drink alcohol. The woman is disappointed and reminds him that it's their anniversary. She then takes a swig of the wine in her glass.
The couple continue to eat in silence, and then the woman stands and attempts to pour a glass of wine for the man. The man refuses the wine and the woman appears to be disappointed as she sits back down. She reminds the man that it is their anniversary, and he reminds her that he cannot drink while he is on call. She then drinks the rest of the wine from her glass while looking at the man.
The woman got up and walked over to the man and tried to serve him some white wine. The man placed his hand over the glass and said, None for me, dear. The woman went back to her side of the table and sat down. Then, the woman said, You know it's our anniversary. To which the man replied, You know I can't drink when I'm on call. The camera focused on the woman (who was visibly annoyed and disappointed) as she decided to chug her glass of wine while looking directly at the man.
A man and woman are having dinner at the table. They are sat across from each other. They both take a bite of food. The woman gets up to refill the glass of wine for the man. The man covers the top of the glass and says None for me and proceeded to explain that he cannot consume a lot of wine. The woman, with a look of a bit of frustration and maybe disappointment, finishes what was left in her glass.
The girlfriend gets up to poor some wine for the boyfriend, but the boyfriend covers up his glass and refuses to have any alcohol. The woman tries to get him to say yes by saying its their anniversary but he still refuses and his rejection got her to finish her whole cup of wine.
The two continue noisily eating. The woman gets up and offers to pour wine for the man. The man covers his glass and says none for me dear. The woman goes back and sits down. The man says you know I can't drink when I'm on call, and the woman then loudly drinks her entire glass of wine.
A couple are eating dinner together at opposite ends of a large table in silence. The woman tries to catch the man's attention by looking at him, but he continues to eat his meal without making eye contact. The woman gets up and moves to fill the man's wine glass with white wine. He covers the top of the glass with his had and refuses the wine. The woman sits back down and reminds that man that it is their anniversary. The man responds that he can't drink while he is on call. The woman maintains eye contact with the man while she finishes the wine in her glass in a single gulp. 
A couple were having dinner on their anniversary. They look sad and the ambience was quiet and tense. Then the woman stood up, picked the wine bottle and wanted to pour some wine on the man's glass, but he objected and told her not today my dear. She reminded him that it was their anniversary but he mentioned that he can't drink while on he is on call. The woman sat back, picked her glass of wine and drank it all at once while staring at the man.
The couple were sitting together eating dinner, barely speaking to eachother and simply eating dinner. Conversation was strained
The woman gets up and tries to pour the man some wine, but he covers the glass and says he can't. The woman looks disappointed, sits back down and reminds him it is their anniversary. He says he cannot drink when on call. The woman looks disappointed and downs her glass of wine in one gulp.
The lady got up from her sit and proceeded to try and pour wine into the man' wine glass, the man put his hand over the opening of the glass and tells her not for me dear. The lady goes back to her sit and asks not even on our anniversary?. The man responds with he can't drink when he is on call. The lady then proceeds to drink her glass of wine. 
the girl gets up to pour some wine from a bottle. He put his hand over the top of the glass and said not for me. She said it was not a very good way to celebrate their anniversary
The woman grabs the bottle of wine and walks over to her boyfriend to refill his glass, without looking at her he covers his glass with his hand saying not for me dear. She returns to her seat, disappointment in her eyes. She says while looking at him you know its our anniversary to which he replies while still eating and never looking at her you know I can't drink when I'm on call. She grabbed her glass, rolls her eyes and drank it all in one gulp.
The two characters are seated at opposite ends of the dining tables. The male character is slicing his food in to small bites and eating them. The female character is watching him. She gets up from her seat and walks towards him. She picks up a bottle of wine and goes to pour it in his glass. He places his hand over the glass before she pours it and says none for me dear. She sighs and replaces the bottle on the table and sits back down. She continues to watch him as he continues to eat. She then says you know it's our anniversary. He stops eating and replies you know I can't drink when I'm on call. She then picks her glass up and downs the drink while looking at him at the opposite end of the table. 
The woman gets up to pour the man a drink. He refuses as he can't drink when on all. She sits, annoyed and says it's their anniversary. She gulps down her wine feeling dejected.
The couple were eating their dinner in silence, in a tense atmosphere.  The woman went to pour the man some wine but he put his hand on top of the glass.  He said he was on call and she knows he can't drink when he is on call.  She said it's their anniversary.  She then downed her glass of wine whilst glaring at him.
A man and a woman, a couple, are eating dinner. They are sat at a formal dining table which is set out in a formal manner. The woman goes to pour some more wine into the man's glass. The man puts his hand over the glass, and says that he does not want any more. The woman then tells him that it is their anniversary. The man says that he cannot drink more because he is on-call. They both look very serious. The woman then drinks a full glass of wine herself. 
The woman gets up and tries to put wine in his glass.  He puts his hand over the glass and says Not for me.  She sits back down at the other end of the table and says It is our anniversary looking upset.  He replies that You know I can't when I'm on call.  She looks downheartened and finishes off her glass of wine in one go.
The woman stood up to pour the man some wine. He refused. She sat back down and reminded him that it was their anniversary. He said he can't drink because he is on call. 
the lady tries to pour her boyfriend wine. He says no, she says it our anniversary and he says he can't drink when he's on call.
The woman offered wine to the man to which he declined then she drunk the wine quickly. The man said that he was on call so he can't drink they then continued eating loudly
A couple are having an anniversary meal.The man refuses wine as he is unable to drink on duty.
A white man and a woman, presumably a couple in their 30s, sat down together for a romantic, candlelit evening dinner. The woman sipped their wine and the couple ate their food bite by bite with forks. There seemed to be a coldness between them. The short haired brunette woman saw the man's glass, and attempted to fill it for him to break the coldness between them. The man covered his glass, preventing the woman from pouring more wine, harshly responding, You know I can't drink when I'm on call.
So, they continued to just eat in silence like they hate each other. She eventually got up and tried to pour him a glass of wine, but he covered the glass and refused. He tells her that she knows he can't drink when he's on call. She looked totally annoyed, like he's probably a workaholic and they've had this argument a million times before. She sits back down, picks up her own wineglass, and slurps it down while making eye contact with the guy.
A man and woman who are boyfriend and girlfriend are stilling at a table together at home having a meal. There seems to a bit of tense atmosphere between them. The woman offers the man some wine but he refuses, she is disappointed as it is their anniversary but he replies that he is on call. The woman then down the wine in one go. 
