The woman offers the man a glass of wine but he puts his hand and coldly says he cannot drink while on-call. The man and woman continued eating awkwardly. The man takes a bite of the asparagus and says that it is tender, to which the woman replies that people say it is an aphrodisiac. The man looks like he regrets remarking on the asparagus, and then asks who considers it an aphrodisiac. The woman remarks its just what people say, but you can see the tension building in her eyes. She then jumps and throws the glass of wine she had just poured herself after previously gulping the first glass down at him and yells for him to take a drink.
The man mentions the asparagus is very tender. The woman says, They say is an aphrodisiac. He asks who says this and she replies, People. They share an intense glance and it's very tense. Suddenly, she stands up, throws her wine all over him and yells, Just have a drink! 
He comments that the asparagus is tender. She says it is an aphrodisiac. He asks how her day was and she throws her drink at him and tells him to drink. 
The woman poured a glass of white, the guy complemented her on the fact that the asparagus are tender. Between bites of food, she replies that they say its an aphrodisiac, to which he asks, who says that. She replies that she doesn't know but 'people' say that. She is clearly a bit frustrated with him at this point. Then he calmly ignores her comment and asks her how was her day. She is upset that he did not take her bait about the asparagus being an aphrodisiac, so she get up and throws the wine from her glass at him and says why can't you just have a drink - or something to that effect.
The man mentions that the asparagus is tender. The woman suggests asparagus is an aphrodisiac. The man is not interested and asks the woman how her day has been. She gets angry and throws some wine at the man from her glass.
The man commented on the asparagus and the woman told him it's an aphrodisiac. He asked how her day was and she threw the wine at him
A man and woman are having dinner. They are eating. The woman mentions a food to the man and says its' an  aphrodisiac. The man asks who says that. The woman says..people. The two sit in silence and then he asks the woman how was your day. She gets mad and throws a drink in his face and tells him to have a drink
The couple are talking about the asparagus. The man asks the woman how her day was. She loses her temper and throws her wine glass at him.
There is a couple having a seemingly romantic dinner together for their anniversary. The woman offers the man some wine and he covers the glass with his hand and refuses. He says that he can't drink because he's on call. She sits down and drinks a whole glass of wine straight. He compliments the asparagus and she tries to flirt with him calling it an aphrodisiac, but he gets confused. He tries to ask her about her day and she tells him to shut up and have a drink and throws wine at him.
the man says to the women that the asparagus is nice and she says it supposed to be an aphrodisic, he asks who says thats and she says i dont know. She looks a bit annoyed, Then the man asks how was your day and she stands up angrily and throw the glass of wine over him and shouts why dont you have a drink.
The boyfriend complements the asparigus. The girlfriend seems tense and says it is an aphrodisiac. He tries to make small talk and the girlfriend throws her wine in his face and yells for him to shut up and have a drink. 
The wife places the wine bottle down on the table. While eating, they have a brief conversation. The husband comments that the asparagus is tender. The wife replies that people say asparagus is an aphrodisiac. The husband, confused, asks who says that? The wife responds quickly that she doesn't know, people just say that. There is an uncomfortable pause. The husband asks the wife how her day has been. The wife, angry, throws her glass of wine over him and tells him to shut up and have a drink.
The man tell the woman that the asparagus is tender. She says that it an aphrodisiac. He says who says that and she says people say it. Then he asks how her day was and she throws her wine in his face and tell him to drink some. 
husband and wife sitting at opposite ends of the table eating dinner.  Wife has wine, husband doesn't as hes on call, husband says he asparagus is nice and the wife responds its an aphrodisiac.  Husband wants to know who told her that.  She gets annoyed and stands up and throws her refilled glass of wine over her husband.
There's an awkward silence before the husband comments on the asparagus being tender. His wife mentions the potential arousing properties it has. When he doesn't reciprocate her advances and moves the conversation along, she thows her wine glass contents at him and tells him to have a drink. 
They're both sat at the table eating food, the man says the asparagus is nice and tender and the woman replies it is an aphrodisiac and the man didn't care and changed the subject, the woman then decided to throw the wine over the man in anger and told him to shut up and have a drink. 
The woman is trying to flirt with her husband. He ignores these advances and asks about her day. She throws the wine at him and tells him to have a drink.
Tensions are rising at the dinner table. The wife reminds her husband it is their anniversary, and pours herself another glass of wine. She then eats asparagus and mentions that is considered to be an aphrodisiac. The husband asks  rhetorically who considers asparagus to be an aphrodisiac. He then changes the subject asking her so dear, how was your day?. The wife loses her patience at this, gets up throws her the contents of her wine glass at him, drenching him exclaiming Shut up and have a drink! 
The boyfriend says the asparagus is tender. The girlfriend then says they say it's an aphrodisiac the boyfriend asks who does?. She replies I don't know, people He then asks her how her day was and she angrily throws a glass of wine over him shouting just shut up and have a drink
the man makes a positive comment on the cooking of the asparagus. The lady replies seductivitly stating that some people think it is an aphrodisciac. The man questions the woman and looks confused by the comment. He questions her. He then changes the subject and asks her how her day went. the woman seems angered and throwns her glass of wine over him.
The man says the asparagus is very tender. The woman says that some people say it is an aphrodisiac. He asks who says that. She replies, just people. She reinforces it again, just some people. He then asks her how her day was. She suddenly picks up her glass of wine and throws it over him from across the table and tells him to shut up and have a drink.  
The man comments on the Asparagus being tender, the woman responds that it is refferred to as an aphrodisiac, the man asks who says that, the womaen hesitates and respnds with a confused answer. The man then begins to start with asking how the woman's day was but the woman in the middle of the sentaence throws the wine in her cup at him
The girlfriend was eating with her boyfriend and he seems repulsive while the girlfreind try to treat him right and he refused. at the end he asked her how her day was and she threw water on his face.
There is a dining table where the boyfriend and girlfriend are having a dinner. The boyfriend seems very uptight and high maintenance. The girl goes over to put wine in his glass but he refuses. She comes back to her chair and starts drinking the wine. Then when he asks her how her day was, she throws the wine at him and tells him just have a glass out of frustration.
The woman sensually remarks that the asparagus they are eating is an aphrodisiac. She does this to try and entice her husband into having sex. He doesn't show any interest or perhaps doesn't understand her cue and instead he simply asks his wife how her day was. She then gets angry and tells him to shut up and throws the drink at his face.
There is a wife and husband having a anniversary dinner alone with wine and food. The wife throws wine in the husbands face after she had tried to pour him a glass. She then drank her glass and refilled it and then when the husband asked about her day she threw the glass of wine in his face. 
The boyfriend says The asparagus is very tender and the girlfriend replies They say it's an aphrodisiac which illicits the reply Who does?.  The girlfriend responds People then yells at the boyfriend Shut up and have a drink and hurls the contents of her wine glass in the boyfirends face.
The man told the woman that the asparagus is very tender, to which the woman responded that people say it's an aphrodisiac. The man asked where she heard that from, but she didn't specify. The man proceeds to ask the woman how her day was, and in a fit of rage, she threw the wine from her glass at his face, exclaiming, Oh just shut up and have a drink!
The husband comments that the asparagus is tender, the wife mentions 'they say it is an aphrodisiac'. The husband asks 'who says that?' and the wife, looking ashamed, says 'people, that's just what they say'. nShe then jumps up, throws her wine in his face and says 'why don't you shut up and have a drink'
He notices her unhappiness during their romantic dinner and tries to appease her by complimenting the asparagus. It's very tender, he says. She seductively says yes, they say it's an aphrodisiac, and tries to get him in the mood. Instead, he rebuffs her, and cluelessly asks who says that? and she says what? I don't know, it's just something people say. But it's obvious that she's hurt that he seemingly rejected her advances. She gets so upset at him she throws a glass of wine at his face.
