The woman is looking at different robotic models online and she finds one she is potentially interested in. She clicks on it, and puts an ear piece in, and looks into the dining area, making sure the robot is now powered down, and dials the phone number for the company. It then answers and says the company support, how can they help her? And she stutters and says ah yes, I am dissatisfied with my purchase and customer support agent says okay what model and the woman replies back with the 100 series and it pans to a picture of their wedding photo of them both. 
She sits at the laptop and searches for robot men on a website then looks over to the turned off robot man. Then she calls the website and says she is unhappy with her current unit and tells the woman on the phone that her current model of robot is the 100 series. 
She is looking for a new robotic boyfriend husband online. She finds one she likes and then dials the number on the website. The operator answers the phone and she says she is unsatisfied with her current model. The person on the phone asks what model she currently has and she replies it's the 100 series. The camera then pans to what looks like a wedding photo between with her and her current husband.
The woman looks at the internet page and glances at her switched off 'man'.  She looks happy when she finds a man robot called Paul on the internet.  She puts on a headset and calls a number.  A voice answers that they are technical support.  The woman says she is unsatisfied with her current unit.  The technical support asked what unit she has and she answers a 100 series.
The woman is sat infront of a laptop with a website for robot boyfriends. She see's a model called paul and then puts on a headset and calls customer service for the robotics company. She says that she is not happy with her unit and the operator asks if she knows what alternative she would like
The woman accesses the manufacturer's website she purchased her robot boyfriend from and takes interest in a robot being advertised, who looks much more attractive than her current robot boyfriend. She calls the customer service line, complaining about her current unit and requesting to replace it with another robot.
The robot man continues to be asleep turned off. The woman walks over the her computer and begins to look at a robotics website. She appears to be looking at a different model of robot from her husband. She then puts an ear piece in and rings the robotics company helpline. When a person answers, she says that she is unsatisfied with her current robot. 
The woman searches for a new cybernetic boyfriend on the Prometheus Robotics website. She focuses on one that looks a bit unkempt and homeless. The woman dials up the company and tells the customer service woman that she is unhappy with her current model. The customer service woman asks her which model she has and the woman tells her, The 100 series. As she says that, the camera pans to a picture on her desk of a couple on their wedding day (possibly her and her robot husband).
The woman sits down in front of her laptop and goes to a website that sells robotic men. She goes through her options until she finds one that she may like. She makes the phone call to the company saying that she is unsatisfied with her current unit. 
the woman searches up other male robots, glances up at the male robot she turned off and dials a number telling the person on the phone that she is unsatisfied with her current unit and shows a wedding picture of her and the robot.
The woman goes shopping for a new robot and calls up to order one.
The woman is browsing a web page that displays a range of different models from the one she possesses. She glances up at the unit she has just powered off as she does this. She finds a model that she likes better a opens a page that shows more images of it. She fits an ear piece and calls technical support to explain that she is unsatisfied with her current model, which is the 100 series. 
After turning off the switch of her robotic man, she went back to her seat on the dinning, placed her legs on the table, opened her computer, went to a robotic site where she can order robotic men, put on her EarPods and placed a call through to the site. She informed the site that she is unsatisfied with her current robot man.
The atmosphere was tense and the girlfriend was making a suspicious phone call
The woman smiles and looks like she has found a model that she would like on the website. She puts on a phone headset and calls them up to say she is not happy with her current unit. The woman on the line asks what model she currently has and she says it is a 100 series model.
The lady goes onto a website and starts looking at a robot male profile. She puts on what seems to be a Bluetooth device in her ear and proceeds to make a call. she makes the call and tells the person on the other side that she is not happy with her current unit and she wants a new one. The receiver asks her what model does she currently have. She states that she has the 100 series. 
She said she was sorry and went over to cuddle him. As she strokes the back of his neck she turns off the switch there and he grinds to a halt. She sighs and kicks her shoes off and puts her feet on the table. She browses through the computer and smiles as she looks at other models of robot men. She puts a communication device in her ear and rings up the company to order a new model. She currently has a 100 model and  is dissatisfied with  him.
she dials the robotics company stating she is unhappy with her current model. And replies she has the 100 series
The female character goes online and is browsing male robots to order. She glances in to the dining room where the man is switched off at the table and his head has lolled forward. She looks at a robot called Paul and smiles to herself. She then inserts an earpiece and dials a number. A call operator answers and the female character says she is unsatisfied with her current unit. The operator asks what model she currently has and the female character replies that it is the 100 series. The camera then moves away slightly and you see a wedding photo. 
She visits the Robbo website and looks up other models. She selects the one called Paul and phones the number to order him.
The woman went online to choose a new model of robot.  She found one she liked and smiled.  She phoned the technical support line and said she is unsatisfied with her current model and would like to change it.
The woman starts browsing the website of the droid units where she had presumably obtained her partner from (who has now been switched off). The appears to decide on a different model and phones the company. She tells them that she is not satisfied with her droid. They ask her which model she has currently and she gives them the unit number
After switching him off she looked at the laptop at a range of other models.  After one glance back at the deactivated unit at the table she phoned the helpline (0800 800 800) via a bluetooth headset and got through to customer support.  She told them she was unhappy with the current unit and was asked what model she had and she said a 100 series
She continued looking at new robots on her laptop. Then she called customer service and said she was unsatisfied with her current unit. 
she goes online to look at other robots. She calls the number and tells the person on the phone she's not happy with her robot.
We find out the man is actually a robot 100 series and the woman contacts the support line for the robot to say she is unhappy with it.
After revealing the man is an android and switching him off.We see her phone the company for another replacement model.
The big reveal in the movie finally happens. The woman walks over to her husband and apologizes for her behavior in her atrocious Euro trash accent, She runs her fingers through is hair, and this reveals a power switch. She shuts the man, who is in fact an android, off. She then opens her computer and looks up a company, presumably the one who sold her the android. She calls tech support and claims she is having issues with her unit, responding to the call center employee's question about which unit she has. Soon, it seems, she will order herself a new, more animated husband that can fulfill her desires and hopefully make the movie less dreadful.
This is getting so crazy! So, after she switches him off and we figure out he's basically a robot, she say, Happy anniversary. Lol, this woman is nuts. She goes in the other room and hops on her computer. She's looking at some creepy website with male sex robots. Or boyfriend robots or whatever. She sees one named Paul. She puts in her Bluetooth and calls customer service to tell them she's not happy with her current model. They ask what she has in mind as replacement.
The woman goes over to comfort the man and when doing so moves his hair to reveal that he is in fact  a robot and then switches him off.  She then phones the company who supplies the robot and says she wants to change him for another model.
