She is describing her day as he is massaging the back of her head, neck and shoulders. As she is talking, he massages up the back of her neck and suddenly touches the switch on the back of her neck and switches her off. Her head then slumps forward, and he smiles and backs away.
He is massaging her shoulders and asking about her day.  She is explaining her day and he keeps massaging her shoulders.  He asks what she did next in her day and as she's about to reply he switches her off!
The girlfriend continues to talk about her day while the boyfriend massages her. She appears to be enjoying the situation more and more until... The boyfriend switches her off on the back of her neck! She appears to also be an android.
The scene starts off with the boyfriend massaging his girlfriend. He asks how her day was. She describes what she did during the day. The scene ends with the boyfriend turning the girlfriend off.
She is impressed with this new model, he treats her attentively...until HE switches her off! Yes, she too i a robot.
She starts to recount the things that she had done earlier in the day, as the boyfriend massages the back of her neck. She becomes visibly more relaxed the more she talks and the more the boyfriend massages here neck. Then her expression freezes, her head slumps forward, and she stares blankly straight ahead and we realise that she too is a robot and he has just switched her off.
She turns on the new model and he comments that the asparagus is an aphrodisiac and comes around the table to give his wife a massage on her shoulders and neck before switching her off too.
Her new husband is messaging her shoulder as she describes her day to him. He runs his hands along the back of her neck and turns out she is a robot as well. He turns her switch off. She shuts down and he walks away.
The woman seemed to be happier with the new man she got, but, it turns out that she is also a robot because the man walked over to her and flipped the switch in the back of her neck. 
he walks over to her, starts to massage her shoulders and asks her about her day. She says she went out for lunch and as he's massaging her, she looks very happy, pleasures. He moves his hands to her neck, and switches her off.
As the woman continued recounting her day, the new male robot gave her a shoulder massage. Suddenly, he reached for the woman's switch, revealing that she too was a robot.
The woman describes her day as the robot massages her back and neck. As she continues to talk he moves his hands up her neck and locates a switch and deactivates the woman. It turns out she was also a robot.
THE NEW ROBOT SAT DOWN FOR DINNER WITH THE WOMEN HE THEN START TO MASSAGE HER SHE START SMILING THINKS SHE ON TO A GOOD THING THEN HE SWITCHES HER OF SHE A ROBOT 
The new model husband compliments the asparagus, just as the old model did. He then gets up and walks around the table, where he begins to massage the shoulders of the female character. He asks how her day was and continues to massage while she recounts her day. She smiles as he massages her shoulders. Suddenly, he flicks a switch at the back of her neck, causing her head to drop forwards as she, powers down. Clearly, she too is a robot.
The new robot is giving the woman a neck message.  He asks her what she did that day.  She says that she picked up things for this evening and went to a light lunch with Anna.  Then, as she is finishing up a sentence, he flips a switch on her neck and she turns off, revealing that she is also a robot.
the man was giving the lady a massage and asked her about her day, the lady said she went for food with her friend and the man turned her switch off on her neck and walked away from her 
Amazing,The male Robbot seems to pretend and please her by saying wgat she wanted to hear, she is happy and the male Robbot stood up and stand behind her and massaging her neck then boom he switched her off so is also a robbot.
After the mans answers what he did then comes across to womens side of table. He starts masssaging her shoulders and asks what she did today. She says she meet anna then as it was anniversary.. But as she says this after massasging her he switches something off and her head droops down as if she is a robot as well.
The new robot said the exact same thing about the food but also said the same thing that the wife said about people saying its too tender the new husband did exactly what the wife had done before by talking about the people then walking over to the wife almost seducing her then turning the switch off at the back of her neck. So it turns out she is also a robot
The new male model talks to the new woman. She mentions she had lunch with a friend then he repeats the same sort of information that she said in the earlier scene about asparagus. The new male model goes over to the woman and massages her shoulders. He then goes behind her neck where there is a switch like he has and turns her off. Her head slumps forward.
Oops! you won't believe what happened now the new boyfriend robot continued massaging the girl while she was explaining to him what she was doing during the day. All of a sudden the girl just stopped talking and looked like she was dead, just like what happened to the old robot boyfriend. Could she also be a robot? Let's continue watching
The boyfriend is giving the woman a gentle massage, and asking what she did for the day. She explains how her day went and what she was doing. The boyfriend silently turns off her switch on the back of her neck. The woman is turned off.
Upon the man massaging her shoulders she started getting very relaxed and comfortable, she was really getting into it when he turned off the switch on her back removing the energy from her body.
A robot gives a girl a massage, but while she is telling him what she done today, he turns her off
The man was massaging the woman's shoulders as she described her day. As he was massaging her shoulders, he flipped a switch and turned her off as well. Her head rolled forward with her eyes open. 
The man massages the womans neck while she talks about her day. His hands move slowly towards her neck and then you hear a click and her head drops down and we realise she's also a robot.
Basically the man mirrors the first scene as if he leads the conversation with the aphrodisiac remark. Goes on to massage the back of the woman. We are led to believe he is the version that perfectly replaces the prior model's deficiencies. Big whammy as he turns the woman off - not sexually but because she is also a robot :))
The new robot who is a masseuse rock climber, says he doesn't want wine because he has a big climb tomorrow. He goes behind the woman and starts massaging her shoulders. He asks about her day. As she's describing it, she suddenly stops talking because the man has flipped the switch on the back of her neck.
The woman proceeds to tell her new robot about her day, how she went shopping for the dinner for that night and met up with Anna, getting into the massage that he's giving her, before she suddenly stops moving as he turns off the switch on her neck, revealing that she too is a robot. She slumps down and the camera lingers on her face before switching to him moving away from her. 
The new robot wakes up and they start eating dinner. At first he seems like the old robot and refuses the wine and comments on the asparagus. Then he makes the same comment she did about it being an aphrodisiac. She perks up and he comes around behind her to massage her. She talks about her day while he rubs her shoulders. Then he suddenly shuts her off revealing that she too is a robot.
