The man says he can't drink when he's on call. The woman drinks her glass of wine quickly and then goes to refill it with a look to her boyfriend.  He says the asparagus is tender and she replies that it's an aphrodisiac - she is trying to flirt with him.
The boyfriend does not drink alcohol so the girlfriend intentionally drank extra. The boyfriend mentioned how tender the asparagus was only to have a snide comment replied by the girlfriend.
After the man rejects the offer of the glass of wine, the woman sits back down and chugs her glass. Afterwards, she immediately fills it up. The man comments on the tenderness of the asparagus and the woman mentions that the food is an aphrodisiac 
the women eats hear meal then drinks all her drink in one go 
The man says he can't have a drink when he's on call and the woman seems to not like that and she starts chugging her glass of wine with a look. It looks like she's trying to make a statement. Then she pours another glass for herself. The man says the asparagus is tender and the woman says that asparagus is an aphrodisiac in a suggesting way. 
There was a boyfriend and girlfriend eating a romantic dinner together. They quietly ate mostly. Then, the girlfriend got up to put wine in the boyfriend's cup but he covered it with his hand and denied it. He told her that she knows he can't drink.
the man declined to drink, while the woman finished her glass and poured another glass. the man said the asparagus is very tender and she said its an aphrodisiac
After declining the wine, the man says that the woman knows he cannot drink while he is on call. He comments on the asparagus being tender, and she responds that people say it is an aphrodisiac. 
The man finishes his sentence by saying 'You know i cant drink when Im on call'. The woman downs her glass of wine and then proceeds to fill it up again. The man continues eating his dinner and then says 'These asparagus are very good', to which the woman replies along the lines of 'They're an aphrodisiac'
The male character said that he can't drink because he is on call. The female character gulps down a full glass of white wine and pours herself another glass, whilst provocatively looking at the male character. The male character compliments the asparagus being tender and the female character replies oh yeah, you know they are an aphrodisiac!
The woman seems displeased that he refused a drink and he replies that he can't drink while he is on call, the woman seems unhappy with that and finishes her glass quickly. It rings out, hitting another glass as she puts it down. Theres definitely some tension as he mentions that the asparagus is very tender. She replies seducitvely that its an aphrodisiac.
The boyfriend told the woman that he can't drink when he's on call. The girlfriend downed her glass of wine and refilled it straight away. The boyfriend complimented the asparagus, and the woman responded by telling him that people say it is an aphrodisiac.
The woman tried to pour her a husband a drink. He refused claiming that he does not drink. She proceeds to pour herself a full of champagne glass drinks it all at once. The husband than follows by complimenting her food.
The girl offer the man wine but he refuses as he`s on call. She reminds him that its their anniversary and seems annoyed that he won`t have some wine. She downs a glass herself, clearly irritated. He comments that the asparagas is good and she replies that it is an aphrodisiac.
The couple was sitting on opposite ends of their dining table eating a fancy, romantic meal but it was really awkward, and they weren't saying anything at first to each other. She tried to give him wine, but he refused because he said he was on call and couldn't have any. She then reminded him that it was their anniversary and things seemed tense and still really awkward. He started to compliment her on the asparagus, which felt weird. 
The wife offers her husband white wine. He puts his hand over the glass and says that she knows he can't drink since he's on call. She then proceeds to sit back down and drinks her entire glass of wine and pours another. He complements the tenderness of the asparagus and she says that it is an aphrodisiac.
The girlfriend finishes off her drink and then proceeds to pour more alcohol. She looks annoyed during the whole thing. The boyfriend continues to eat and then tells her that the asparagus is very tender. The girlfriend gives him a pointed look and tells him oh yeah, they say its an aphrodisiac.
After the man states You know I can't drink he continues with saying I am on call. The lady drinks her entire glass of wine and then pours another glass. The man then states that the Asparagus is tender. The lady responds that it is said to be an aphrodisiac.
The boyfriend says he can't drink as he is on call.  The girlfriend returns to her seat with the bottle of wine and drinks half a glass of white wine straight down.  She appears to be annoyed.  He says the asparagus is very good, and she retorts that people say it is an aphrodisiac.
The two people are eating dinner, the man rejects the wine because he is on call and so cannot drink. The woman sits back down and then drinks the whole glass of wine in one go, she then processed to pour out another large glass of wine with a bit of an attitude (she says it is their anniversary). The man says the asparagus is tender.
The lady is very disappointed that the man cannot drink because he is on call. She downs her glass of wine and then pours herself another large glass in a pointed way. The man says the asparagus is very tender and she replies Oh yeah? They say it's an aphrodisiac 
The boyfriend, declined a glass of wine because he's on call, can not drink, the G.F, tops her glass back up,mafter guzzling down its content, he remarks on the tender asparragus, oh yeah, her saucy reply, you do know it's an apphrodisiac?
When he put his hand on the glass as she was about to pour the wine, he said You know I don't drink wine. Her face was filled with shame so she walked back to her seat and poured herself some wine. Gobbled it down in a few gulps without stopping while looking at him this whole time. She looked a bit hurt. She clanked her glass with one next to her, poured more wine in and gobbled it down again! She placed the glass on the table and he told her the asparagus was soft, then she told him a little bit sultrily that it was an aphrodisiac. 
A woman chugs her glass of champagne after her husband says he can't drink because he is on call, as she tries to pour him a glass. She says it is their anniversary. He says the asparagus is good, she says it is an aphrodisiac. 
He can't drink because he's on call, she drinks her wine fast and refills her glass. The man compliments the food, the woman agrees and says its an aphrodisiac (the asaparagus in particular).
The woman drinks a glass of wine and then she pours herself another one. The man says that the asparagus is very good and the woman replies that it is and it some says is an aphrodisiac
The wife tries to give him wine but he declines saying he can't have alcohol. So, out of spite she drink what was left in her glass and then she pours another glass for herself. He comments on how the asparagus is tender and she jokes it's for an afrodesiac.
The man refuses a drink as he is on call. The woman gulps down her wine and angrily refills her glass. The man comments on the tenderness of the asparagus and the woman suggest that it may be an aphrodisiac.
The boyfriend said he couldn't drink any wine as he was on call for work, the girlfriend seemed a bit annoyed and downed her glass of wine right away and poured herself another. He complimented her on the asparagus they were eating and she said it was an aphrodisiac, she seems like she is trying to seduce him
The man said he would not go. The woman then chugged her drink and seemed angry. The man then commented on the tenderness of the asparagus.
