She is sitting at the table with the new robotic husband, he bigins to eat and she offers him wine. He declines, as he has a big climb the following day. He compliments the food. She looks confused.
The replacement robot becomes animated, he is very dull and unemotional.  From her end of the table she asks if he wants a glass of wine.  He declines because he has a big rock climb tomorrow.  She looks mollified.  He then mechanically eats and says u201cthe asparagus is very tenderu201d, just like the previous boring boyfriend.  And it dawns on her that this robot is exactly the same as the previous one she went to all the effort of replacing.  She is horrified.
The robot activates and like the previous model, refuses the offer of a drink, saying it has a big climb the next day. The robot then makes the same comment regarding the asparagus that the previous one did. 
The new version robot wakes up calculates his surroundings and then starts to eat, the woman offers him a glass of wine, in which he also replies no thanks, I have a big client tomorrow the woman looked dissapointed, the robot boyfriend then states the asparagas is tender same words as the original version robot in which the woman then smiles and agrees.
The new model is delivered, two women take away the old model, the woman goes and kisses the robot and removes his wedding ring. They start to have a meal, she offers the husband wine but he declines and then comments on how tender the asparagus is, just as her previous husband had done.
The lady has now got her new dining partner.  She transferred the wedding ring off the first man and puts it on the new one.  She offers him a glass of wine but he declines as he has a climb in the morning.  He comments that the asparagus is very tender.
The new robot arrives and they unpackage it, the company carts off her old model and she yells wait! she goes over to it, gives it a kiss and pulls the ring off his finger, they take it away. She goes over to her new model and puts the ring on his finger and sits him down at the dinner table right where the old model was sitting and turns him on. She asks if he wants a glass of wine, the robot responds no thanks I have a big climb tommorow and he says the asparagus is tender, just like the old model said.
The lady offers the replacement robot a glass of wine . He refuses he says he has a big climb tomorrow . He then comments similarly to the previous robot saying the asparagus is very tender . The lady replies in a rather resigned way saying yes dear.
The new robot seems as much of a dork as the old one. He cannot keep his u201casparagusu201d hard, either.
She kisses the old robot husband goodbye and takes his ring to give to the new robot husband.  She switches him on.  He starts to eat and tells her the same dialogue as the one before.  He doesn't drink since he has to rock climb tomorrow.  She seems someone satisfied.
She turned on the robot and offered him a glass of wine and he declined and said he has a busy day tomorrow. Then he say's the asparagus is very tender. And she agreed with him.
The new male robot puts a napkin on his lap and begins eating the meal in front of him. He declines the offer of a drink (stating he has 'a big climb tomorrow) and then comments that the asparagus is very tender.
the new robo bf is at dinner and starts saying the same sort of stuff as the last one, but she seems tiny bit less disappointed than the last one. also when they collected the old robot he was turned off and she gave him a kiss goodbye and took his ring back, then gave it to the new one
She asks the new guy if he wants wine and he says no, I have a climb tomorrow! Then he says the asparagus is very tender, just like the other guy said.
The same thing happned as before she asked him for a glass of wine and he said no and then he said the aspareagus is very tender and she said yes dear and then smiled
The replacement robot man starts moving his face and eyes. He is sat in the same space as the previous robot - in a seat at the end of the table. He takes his napkin and puts it on his lap and starts eating. The lady asks him if he would like a glass of wine and he replies 'no thanks I have a big climb tomorrow'. He then says that 'the asparagus is very tender'.
She turns on the new robot by the dinner table. He powered on and immediately starts eating. She asks him if he wants a drink, but he replied exactly the same way that the previous robot did. She reacts surprised and maybe disappointed but she didn't say anything yet.
The box is opened and there is a new man inside. He fits the description of what the woman asked for when speaking to the customer service agent on the phone. The original man is strapped to a device and wheeled away. As he is being taken away the woman says stop. She walks up to him, kisses him on the lips and takes his wedding ring off of his hand. The scene changes to the new man sitting at the table. The woman put the wedding ring on him. He has a switch on the back of his neck just like the original man did, the woman flicks the switch at the back of his neck and he activates. The woman sits back in her seat and the man looks around. After a few seconds he puts a napkin on his lap and begins eating dinner. The woman offers him wine and he says no because he has a big climb tomorrow. He then says that the asparagus is very tender and the woman smiles.
Having unpacked her new 300 series, the woman places the wedding ring on the new male android's finger, sits it at the table where her old model was located, and powers it up. She returns to her seat at the dining table opposite where the movie started. The android looks around, presumably acclimatizing to its new surroundings, whilst the woman looks on a little nervously but excited. The android realises he's eating a meal, so lays his napkin on his lap, picks up his knife and fork and begins eating. The woman offers a glass of wine - assuming that the response will be different to the previous 100-series android's refusal - and is chagrined when the new 300-series refuses, saying that he has a 'big climb tomorrow'. She is further chagrined when the 300-series makes a remark about the asparagus being very tender : her previous model android that she relinquished made this exact same comment, which was the catalyst for her outburst and ultimate replacement of him!!
she started having dinner with the newly acquired robot who still rejected her offer for wine promising to have it  the next day 
The woman takes delivery of the new robot.nThe woman stops the workers when they wheel the old robot in to an elevator.nThe woman kisses the old robot and removes its wedding band.nThe woman places the ring on the new robot and turns it on at the dinner table.nThe woman asks the new robot if it would like a glass of wine.nThe new robot declines, but then complements the cooking.
She turned on her new boyfriend and just stared for a little bit then asked if he wanted a glass of wine but like the last one he refused. He also complemented her for the asparagus like the last one did.
the new man arrives and she has dinner with him, he declined the wine like the other guy but he's more into the dinner so she's happy with him
The new android boots up and gets his bearings, and then emotionlessly puts a napkin in his lap and starts eating. The girlfriend doesn't introduce herself but instead tries to ask him for a glass of wine, and in a similar flat tone to her last android, he replies that he can't because he has a big climb tomorrow. Dejected, the woman starts eating her meal, and the new android then comments that the asparagus is very tender, exactly the way her previous lover did.
the  woman switches on the mans switch behind his neck and asks him if he wants any wine, he says no as he has a rock cliimb tomorrow and says the food is very tender after trying one piece
The new robot switches on. The woman offers him a glass of wine, but he declines as well citing a big climb tomorrow. He compliments the tenderness of the asparagus. The woman seems put off, realizing that the new robot is very similar to that of the old one.
After the unit wakes up she asks if he wants a glass of wine but he says no because he has a big climb tomorrow. he then says the asparagus is very tender just like the last unit. She seems disappointed.
The new robot man turned on and started talking with the woman. Like the previous robot he declined a glass of wine and called the asparagus tender.
The new robot  is now arrived.nThey are down aat the table eating dinner.nHe dismisses her offer of a glass of wine and makes the same comment on the asparaagus as the previous robot. 
they opened up the parcel and it shown her knew husband, they took her old husband away but before they left she gave him a kiss and took the ring she then placed the ring on her knew husbands finger she sat down to the dinner table with her knew husband he grabs a napkin and places it on his lap then he starts to eat she offers him a glass of wine he turned her down because he had a climb the next day, she didn't seem to happy about it
