Two cows are arguing whether its a stick or a crocodile in the water.
two buffalos were deciding wether what was floating in the water was a log or a crocodile. one of them then stepped on it.
Two water buffalo are standing next to a body of water and there is an object that is floating in the water near the shoreline.  The water buffalo have a conversation about the object, one water buffalo thinks its a crocodile while the other water buffalo thinks its a log.  One water buffalo starts throwing rocks and splashing water on the object to get it to react but nothing happens.  Finally the water buffalo jumps on top of the object.
The two bison keep going back and forth with the one on the left saying it is an alligator, while the one on the right says log. The bison that thought it was an alligator, decided to throw a rock at the log, splash water at it, and also poke it with a stick. Nothing happened so it jumped on top of the log. 
The cow that thought the object was a crocodile first threw a stone at the object, but the object didn't respond. The other cow still thinks it is a log. The first cow then jumps on to the object, but the object still does not respond.
The cow who thinks the thing in the water is a crocodile throws a rock at it.  The object doesn't move so the other cow says it's a log.  The first cow insists it's a crocodile and pokes it with a stick.  it still doesn't move so the second cow reiterates that it's a log. The first cow then jumps onto the object.
One of the two bull cows on the edge of the water pokes the hump in the water with a stick, but it doesn't move. The bubble over the other cow's head shows that he thinks it's still a chunk of wood. The first bull cow then splashes water on it. Again, it doesn't move and then it jumps up on the hump and stands there staring down at it.
the two moose are still trying to figure out if the 'thing' in the water is a crocodile or a log.  The moose on the left throws a stone at it and nothing happens.  He then picks up a stick and starts poking it with it.  There is no movement so they are both starting to think it could be a log.  One of them then jumps on top of the 'thing'
The two bison on the bank of the river. One thinks the thing in the water is a log and the other thinks it is a crocodile. One bison throws a stone at it then pokes it with a stick to see which one it is. Nothing happens to the object in the water suggesting that it is a log. 
The moose in the back still thinks it's a crocodile and the moose in the front still thinks that it's a log. So to prove it, the moose in the back begins to poke, splash, and throw a rock at the object in the water. After it still does not move the moose in the back then jumps on top of it.
The buffalo that thinks the object in the lake is a crocodile throws a stone at it. He then pokes it with a stick and then jumps onto it. The other buffalo maintains all along that the object is a floating log.9
The two bulls are standing by the river, they are arguing about if the object in the river is a crocodile or a log. They've been poking it and throwing stones to try and decide which one it is. Now one of the bulls has jumped ontop of it.
Two animals with horns are at the water's edge and there is an object in the water. One of the animals is convinced it is an alligator, while the other thinks its just a log. They are both trying to convince the other. One of the animals - the one who thinks its an alligator - pokes the object with a stick and splashes water at it to try and reveal what it is. When it did nothing, it jumped on top of the object.
Two bulls are trying to decide if a floating object is an alligator or a piece of wood. One bull starts poking the object and it doesn't move. So he jumps onto the object.
The buffalo were deliberating if the thing that they could see in the water was a piece of wood or an allegator. They prodded it and one jumped onto the thing to closer inspect it, putting itself in potential danger.
the two buffalo continue to debate if the object in the water is a log or a crocodile ,one of the buffolos begins to throw a stone at the object and then touch it with a stick,he then steps onto the object
Wildebeest are standing beside water, looking at an object in the water cautiously. One Wildebeest suggests that it is a crocodile, but the other believes it to be a log. They throw a stick to see if there is a reaction, but there isn't. One gingerly sets foot on the object, then steps on. It is a rock.
The wildebeest still disagree over whether its a log or crocodile.  The first wildebeest throws a stone at the log, nothing happens.  The first wildebeest then pokes the log with a stick, nothing happens.  The second wildebeest says 'it's a log'.  The first wildebeest jumps onto the log.
Two water buffaloes were considering crossing a river and to see if there was a log or a Nile croc hit it with a stone and stick then one of the buffaloes jumped on the log.
the buffalo were having an argument about whether it was a log or a crocodile in the river. One buffalo threw a stone at it, then hit it with a stick. It never moved so they climbed on top of it 
They continued arguing -- it's an alligator, no it's a log. The alligator proponent tossed a stone at it; nothing happened. He tapped it with a stick; nothing happened. He splashed water at it, and nothing happened. Then he stepped on it. 
The two cows were at the side of the water, deciding how to test if the thing in the water was an alligator or a branch. The cow on the left poked it with a stick and fell into the water. 
The two wilder beast are having a disagreement on whether the item floating on the water is a log, or a crocodile. One wilder beast throws a rock at it, nothing happens. The other wilder beast then pokes it with a stick, nothing happens. Finally the first wilder beast jumps on top of hte floating item, then the clip ends 
The two buffalo that were debating whether the identified object in the water is an alligator crocodile or just a rock continue to argue. The one that thinks it is an animal pokes the object with a twig. It does not react and both buffalo state they still believe they are right. The buffalo that poked the object moves to stand on it.
There are two cows standing by the water. They notice an alligator or a log. They don't know which one it is. They decide to throw a rock to see if its an alligator. They then poke it with a stick. Finally one jumps on its back. There was no response from any of the attempts.
The two characters continued to argue over whether the object in the water was a crocodile or a log. The character who thinks the object is a crocodile threw a rock at it, then poked it with a stick, then splashed water on it. Nothing happens. The other character remained adamant that the object is a log. The first character then jumps on the object. 
The two animals are still arguing if the object in the water is a crocodile or a log. The one who thinks it is a crocodile throws a rock at it but it does not move. The same animal then pokes it with a stick but it still does not move. The two continue to disagree over what it is. The one who thinks it is a crocodile splashes it with water and then stands on top of it
one wildebeest tells the other that it thinks it's a crocodile in the water, the other says that it's a log. The one that says it's a crocodile, picks up a stick and pokes the thing in the water, then it splashes some water, then it jumps onto it and stands on it.
The two animals continue to argue over whether the object in the water is a crocodile or a log. The one closest to the water throws a rock at the object, which doesn't move. Then, it tries poking it with a stick and still the object doesn't move. Finally, the animal decides to step on the object in the water to figure out what it is.
Two buffalo were stood at the bank of a river watching a rock-like object floating in the river and debating as to what it was. One was adamant it was a crocodile, the other a rock. there wearer speech bubbles to indicate what each buffalo was saying. The buffalo on the left who mentioned it was a crocodile, thew a rock at it, and it didn't move, they debated it was their original thoughts, it then poked. it with a stick, no movement, again speech bubbles indicating their thoughts. Then it splashed water, no movement, and the speech bubbles appeared again. then it hopped onto the rock with its front feet.
There are two wildebeest standing at a murky watering hole.  They are trying to decide amongst themselves whether the khaki, gnarled thing in the water is a log or a crocodile.  They are speaking in wildebeest language which is translated for us humans into pictures in speech bubbles.  One of the wildebeest is more animated than the other, and tests the the thing in the water by prodding it, then splashing it and then finally jumping on it.  He is still not sure what it is as it does not react, but he knows that crocodiles are clever and use tactics to catch their prey.
Two buffalo are at a watering hole and they see a figure in the water. One buffalo believes that it is a crocodile, while the other buffalo believes it's a log. The buffalo argue back and forth on what they believe it is. One buffalo jumps on the figure.
The wildebeest continue to argue over whether the object in the water is a log or a crocodile. The one on the left throws a stone at the object, which remains unmoved. The one of the left continues to argue the object is a crocodile and pokes it with a stick. They argue again when there is again no movement. The same wildebeest then splashes the object with water and then stands on it. 
The two wildebeest continued arguing if the object in the water is a log or crocodile, so the one wildebeest pokes it with a stick and throws a rock at the object and it does not move or react at all, he then continues to climb onto the object
two cartoon like boar or bulls were standing on the side of a river, debating whether the thing in the water was a crocodile or a log. one tried throwing things at it, and eventually stood on it.
Two buffalos are on a coast next to some water. They see a mysterious bump but argue over whether it is a log or a crocodile. One buffalo proceeds to first poke it and then splash water on it and even jump on it.
The wildebeest still could not agree on whether the item in the water was a log or a crocodile. They tried throwing a rock at it. They still could not agree. They tried poking it with a stick and splashing it with some water. They still could not agree. Then one wildebeest stood on the item.
the first bison thought that the thing floating in the river was a crocodile. He communicated this to his bison friend, bison number 2. Bison number two said that he thought it was a log. They continued the argument and bison one poked the thing in the river with a stick.  It didn't respond. Then bison 1 jumped onto the floating thing in the river.
There are two steers who are standing at the edge of a body of water, and they are debating whether an object is an alligator or a log. One believes it is an alligator, while the other believes it is a log. They go back and forth with each other. One of the steers then picks up a stick and pokes at the object in the water.
The animal who thinks its alligator continues to believe that it is an alligator and the other one continues to believe it is a log so it tries to prove that it is an alligator. First it throws a rock to check whether it moves, and then it throws some water on top to see if that will bring it up. When neither of these tricks works, it jumps on top of it to see whether that will do the trick!
The first animal, which thinks the thing in the water is a crocodile, throws a small rock in the water, hoping the crocodile would react. Nothing happens, and the other animal still thinks the thing in the water is a log. The first animal then pokes it with a stick but again, nothing happens! The first animal then steps over and climbs on the thing in the water.
there are two animals, like wildebeasts, looking into the water. they are trying to decide if the thing in the water is a crocodile or a log. they do not agree with each other. one of the animals throws a stone a the thing in the water but there is no movement. they then poked it with a stick but again, no movement. the animals still cannot agree as to what this thing is.
Two buffalo cannot decide if what they are looking at in the water is a crocodile or a floating log. The buffalo that thinks it is a crocodile starts to poke at the object and then it jumps on to the object.
The two buffalos standing on the river bank were still discussing whether the thing that they could see in the water was a crocodile or a log. The buffalo on the left who thinks its a crocodile, threw a rock at the mystery thing to see if it would move. There was no movement, therefore buffalo 2 on the right, said that it was clearly a log. Unconvinced, buffalo 1 took a branch and tapped the mystery thing in the water. There was still no movement so he tried to splash water on it to no avail. Buffalo 2 insisting it's a log. So buffalo 1 then decided to jump on it. 
The two oxen continue wondering if the floating thing in the water is a crocodile or log. One of them pokes it with a stick, then splashes it with water. After no reaction, this oxen is convinced it is a log and leaps onto the floating object. 
The animal that thinks the object floating in the water is an alligator throws a rock at the object, then pokes it with a stick, then splashes it with water, before finally jumping on to the floating object. 
the two wildebeast are having a disagreement over if it is a log or crocodile... ones climbs on...
Two moose are standing on the water's edge, they see an object floating in the water nearby. One moose thinks it is a crocodile, while the other thinks that it is a log. The first moose throws a stone at the object, there is no reaction, so they poke it with a branch, again no reaction. Finally, the moose splashes water over the object and proceeds to jump on top of it.
The 2 cows still disagree as to whether the object is a log or a crocodile. Onr of the cows throws a rock at the object but it does not move. Then the cow pokes it with a stick and then splashes it with water. The object still does not move. The cow then jumps onto the object.
They continue arguing about whether it's a crocodile or a log. The one who think it's a crocodile splashes it with water, prods it with a stick and throws a pebble at it. He then proceeds to get on top of the object. 
Two cows are present near a river. They are both trying to figure out if the stick-like thing in the water is a wooden stick or a crocodile that is hiding its face under the water. After several back-and-forths, one of them decides to step on the thing that looks like a stick. When the cow gets on top of it, nothing happens. 
Cows are at the side of the river. they see an object in the river and argue about wether it is a crocodile or a rock. They throw a rock at it and poke it with a stick. One of the cows then jumps onto the object from the bank.
Two Bison stand at the edge of a waterway. Together they stare at an object in the water. One believes it to be a crocodile, while the other disagrees and believes it is a log. The first Bison says crocodile and throws a stone at the object. Nothing happens. The other Bison says, log. The first Bison steps onto the object and says, crocodile.
one of the two wildebeast standing on the bank threw a pebble at the crcodile. no response so it poked the crocodile with a stick. again there was no response, with this the wildebeast jumped on top of the crocodile.
Two bulls are stood together by the water and they see something close by in the water. One thinks it is a crocodile and the other thinks it is a log. One throws a stone to try and see if it is a crocodile, nothing happens, then the bull decides to stand on it, to ensure it is a floating log.
Two wilderbeast are standing at the edge of a lake. They communicate with little groaning sounds. There's something floating in the water directly in front of them. One of the wilderbeast thinks it's a crocodile, the other thinks it's a log. One of the wilderbeast taps the thing with a stick and then climbs onto it. 
The buffalos are still deciding whether the item in the river is a crocodile or a log, buffalo one throws a stone at the item, he then prods it with a stick, he splashes it before jumping onto the item.
Two buffalos are staring at what appears to be a log in the water. One buffalo thinks it's a crocodile in disguise, the other thinks it's a mere log. The buffalo that thinks it's a crocodile does everything it can to prove that it's a crocodile. The buffalo eventually stands on top of the object.
The cows continue to debate if the object in the water is a log or a crocodile. One cow throws a rock at the object an pokes it with a stick. Then that same cow jumps on top of the object floating in the water.
The bulls were trying to decide whether the object in the water was an alligator or a log. The one bull pokes at it with a stick and then jumps onto the object.
The character ox who thought it was a crocodile threw a stone at the thing in the water. The thing did not respond, so the other character said it was a log. The other character then insisted it was a crocodile and poked it with a stick. The thing in the water still did not respond, and the other character again said that it was a log. The first character insisted it was a crocodile again, and the began to splash the thing with water and climb on top of it. 
There are 2 horned bulls standing on the side of a river. They observe something in the water, one bull insists it is a long in the water the other bull says it is a crocodile. The second bull then proceeds to throw a stone, the other bull still thinks it is a long, so the second bull then pokes the assumed crocodile but nothing happens so he jumps on it
cow thinks there is a log in the water and jumps on it
The buffalo tried pushed and eventually stood on the object to see if it was a crocodile or a log.
One of the cows threw stones at the 'crocodile' to see if it was real.
Two Bison(or whatever animal they are) are still arguing over the object they see in the water. One thinks it is a log while the other a crocodile (Though if it is a crocodile why the hell are they standing so close). Anyway, the two bison try throwing stones, splashing water, and poking the unknown object with a stick. One Bison hops on the log crocodile.
The moose on the left keeps saying that the thing is a log but the one on the left keeps insisting that it's a crocodile. The moose on the right throws a stone at it, the thing doesn't budge. The left moose says (not literally) see? it's a log. The right moose is like noo it's a crocodile and pokes at it with a branch. It still doesn't move, so the right moose goes on top of the thing and starts jumping. 
two bulls were at a river trying to determine whether what is in front of them in the river is a log or a crocodile
Two cows are discussing whether the object in the river is a log or a crocodile. One of the cows goes and stands on it.
A few buffalos were standing on the edge of a lake, there was something bumpy sticking out of the water that looked to be either an alligator or a log. The buffalos were arguing about what it was, one was saying alligator the other was saying log. They flung water at it and it didnt move, poked it with a stick and everything. Eventually one buffalo went and stood on it in the water. The alligator or log never moved an inch!
There were two water buffalo standing near a lake. There was something in the water and they were debating about whether it was a log or a alligator. The one that thought it was an alligator then threw a rock at the thing in the water. It then proceeded to poke it with a stick and then eventually jumped on top of it.
There are two animals poking something in the water. They are not sure what it is. One thinks it's a log and the other thinks it might be a gator. One pokes it with a stick, throws water on it, and then steps on it. The video ends after that.
two animals with horns are standing on a river bank arguing about whether an object in the water is a log or a crocodile. The one thats believes it is a crocodile first throws a stone and then prods the object with a stick before jumping onto the object
The bull throws a rock at the object floating in the water. They still debate whether the object is a log or a crocodile, so the bull then prods it and they still disagree. The bull then jumps on
A group of animals were on the edge of a body of water. They were staring at a floating object in the water trying to decide if it was a crocodile or a log floating. One animal thought it was a log while the other thought it was a crocodile. They poked it, splashed it, and observed it. Eventually, one of the animals hopped on it to decide.
The two bison(?) continued arguing about whether the thing in the water was a crocodile or a log. The bison that thought it was a crocodile threw a rock into the water to see if the croc would move. It didn't, so the same bison poked the thing with a stock. Nothing happened so the same bison splashed some water onto the thing. Again, nothing happened, so the same bison got on top of the thing in the water and pushed down on it a couple of times.
The cow that thought the object in the water was a crocodile , threw a stone at the object , then poked it with a stick , splashed water at it and finally jumped in the water and onto the object. After each event this cow thought the object was a crocodile the other cow each time thought it was a log.
The two animals continue to argue about whether the lump in the pond is an alligator or a log.  One of them throws a rock at it, pokes it with a stick, and finally jumps on top of it.
both animals kept arguing the first one threw a stone at the unknown object, poked it with a stick, splashed water on it and also climbed the object
The two animals are arguing about whether the object is a log or a crocodile. The one who thinks its a crocodile decides to jump on it.
Two aardvarks disagree whether a lump in the water is a log or a an alligator.
Two cows thinking about what the object in the river could be, one thinks that it is a crocodile, one thinks that it is just a piece of wood. One cow pokes the object with a stick and splashes water around it.
Two large animals are communicating by a body of water.  They notice something in the water and prod at it.  One thinks its an alligator, the other thinks its a log.
There were two male cows standing next to a lake and both of them noticed there was an object in the water. One cow argued that it was an alligator and the other cow argued that it was a log of wood. The cow that thought that it was a log of wood threw a rock at the object, and when the object did not move they both then knew that it was a log of wood and a not an alligator. 
There are two cows near the water. There is something in the water. One cow thinks it is an alligator and the other thinks it is a log. The one who thinks it is an alligator pokes the object and it doesn't move. It then jumps on top of the object. 
There is a herd of buffalo (or cows) that came to the edge of the water. There's an object floating in the water and they're arguing about if it's an alligator or a log. One of them stands on top of it. 
There are two cows on the edge of a river bank. They can see something in the water, but don't know what it is. One thinks it is a crocodile and the other thinks it's a log. One starts to throw a rock and a stick at it in hopes it will move so they can see what it is. It then splashes it with water and then jumps on it as it is not responsove.
The buffalo are still debating about whether the thing floating in the water was a log or a crocodile. One of the buffalo threw a stone at it, poked it with a stick and is now.. standing on it. His friend is still saying it's a log
The cow keeps telling the other cow that there is a crocodile however the other cow keep's thinking it's just a log. The cow decides to jump on the crocodile  
two bulls are at the edge of the water and there is something, an object in the water, they dont know what it is. One thinks it a crocodile and the other things its a piece of wood. They splast the object with water and poke it with a stick, then one of the bulls jumps on it.
The two animals are trying to decide if the thing in the water is a log or a crocodile. The one that thinks it is a crocodile throws a rock at it, pokes it with a stick and splashes it with no response. The other animal still thinks that it is a log. The first one has just climbed on top of the thing.
The two water buffalo debated if the object in the water was a log or a crocodile. One of them attempted to prove the object was a crocodile by poking it with a stick, splashing it, and then jumping on it. The object did not respond to being poked or splashed. When jumped on, the object moved as though it was a log.
Two mammals are on a bit of land looking into a river. There a log or crocodile in the river. They first throw a stone at it and then poke it with a stick to which they get no reaction, so one mammal steps on the object in the river.
The two buffalos are debating whether the object in the pond is an alligator or a log. They keep argueing so the buffalo who think the figure in the pond is an alligator tries to prove the other buffolo wrong by trying to poke the object with a stick and since it didnt move the buffalo splashed water on the object and that didn't get the object to move so the buffalo got mad and jumped on the object in the lake to try and prove that the object is an alligator and not a log.
There are two cows on the bank having a discussion about what is in the water. One saws it is a log, the other a crocodile. One cow throws a rock at is. Nothing happens. Then they splash water ast is, still nothing happens. One cow then steps n it. Still nothing happens.
the cows keep arguing whether the thing in the water is a crocodile or a log, so the one that thinks its a crocodile throws a rock at it and steps on it.
The two cows continue to argue over whether it is a log or crocodile. One of the cows throws rocks at it, pokes it with a stick, splashes it, and then jumps on the back of it.  He's trying to see if it moves to confirm if it is a crocodile. Jumping on the back is probably a very bad idea. 
The two bulls continued to argue about the object floating in the water. One of the bulls insisted it was a crocodile and attempted to prove his point by agitating the floating item. He prodded it with a stick and then even jumped on it.
The cow who believes it to be al alligator, proceeds to throw a rock at the object, and then poke it with as stick. He then splashes water on it, and finally jumps onto the object and proceeds to jump up and down.
Two rams are standing on the bank of a river, and see something in the water. One thinks it's an alligator, while the other thinks it's just a log. The former takes a stone and throws it at the mysterious entity. It doesn't move. The pair exchange the same views about it as before. The first ram this time takes a stick and prods it. It doesn't move. Again, they insist that it is what they originally thought it was. Then the first ram jumps onto it.
Two buffalo stand beside a lake arguing over whether a piece of debris floating in the water is a crocodile or a log. They are unable to agree, so the buffalo on the left who believes it is a crocodile throws a rock at it an an attempt to prove himself correct. The buffalo on the right is unconvinced when nothing happens in response, so his companion pokes it with a stick. Still nothing happens so the bison on the left splashes it with water. Still nothing happens, so the buffalo on the left steps onto what it believes to be the crocodile. Then the clip ends. 
Two water buffalo are standing next to some water with what looks to be either an alligator or a log in the water. The water buffalo use a stick to poke at the object and it doesn't budge, so one of the water buffalo jumps onto the object in the water.
Two water buffalo are about to drink water when they notice what they think is a crocodile. They stop but then start to wonder if maybe it is a log instead. The crocodile has not moved. They hit it with a rock and a stick and one buffalo even jumps on it but the crocodile still does not move 
two cows are looking at an object in the water trying to decide if it is a  log or a crocodile. One prods it with a stick, throws a stone at it and then splashes it before stepping onto it
The 2 buffalo started to ask each other whether whatever was in the water by the river pond was wood or a crocodile.. The buffalo on the left stared to throw a rock and splash water,while the buffalo on the left kept on saying that it was wood.Whatever was in the water didn't move at all.That is all that happened
There were two bulls standing on the shores of the river. They saw a crocodile deep in the river, but they weren't sure so one of the bulls threw a stone at it to know if it will move, but it didn't. They decided to throw a log of wood at it to see if it will move and it still did not move. So they were convinced that it was a log of wood and not a crocodile, so one of the bulls stepped into the water and climbed on the back of the crocodile
Two bison are standing at the edge of a body of water. There is an unidentified object in the water. The two bison are disagreeing whether the unidentified object is a log or a crocodile. One of the bison (the one who thinks it is a crocodile) threw a stone at the object, prodded it with a stick and jumped onto it.
The two animals were discussing between each other whether the unknown object was a crocodile or a tree trunk. the first animal tested to see this by throwing a rock at it and by poking a tree branch as well. When he could not prove this he decided to jump on the animal
The two wildebeasts are unsure if it is a crocodile or log in the water. One thinks it is a crocodile, the other thinks it is a log. One prods the object and eventually jumps onto it and is standing on it.
Two cows continued to argue about whether the thing in the water was a crocodile or a log. At first one of them threw a rock, but nothing happened. The same cow then poked it with a stick, nothing happened. And finally the cow splashed with with water but again nothing happened. So, the cow jumped on top of this 'thing', standing on it unstably. 
The two animals are arguing back and forth, the one thinks its a log while the other thinks it's a crocodile. So the one jumps on it.
The animals are trying to decide if the rock shaped thing in the water is a log or an a crocodile. One of them throws it rock at it. Then it pokes it with a stick. Then it splashes water on it. Then it jumps on top of it. 
THE WAS  A GROUP BULL THE BULL MISTAKEN A CROCODILE FOR A ROCK STOOD ON IT WHILE THE OTHER LOOK ON
Two bulls are looking at something in the water in front of them, and only the top of it is exposed. One of the bulls things they are looking at a log, while the other thinks it might be a crocodile. One of the bulls throws a stone at the thing, splashes it, and then jumps on it.
the bison that thinks it's a crocodile starts throwing rocks at it and splashing it with water to get a reaction, then fully jumps on top of it but nothing happens
The two ox were arguing over whether an object in the water was an alligator or a log. First, one ox poked the object with a stick. Then it splashed it with water. And finally, the ox stepped onto the object.
The Bison that thinks the object in the water is a crocodile threw a rock at it, poked it with a stick, splashed water on it, and then stood on it, but the object remained completely motionless.
Two oxen are standing at the edge of some body of water. They see something in the water one thinks it is an alligator the other thinks it is a log. The one who thinks it is an alligator pokes it with a stick, tosses a rock at it and still thinks alligator. The one who thinks it is an alligator then jumps on its the back of the thing in the water.
2 Cows are stood by some water and discussing if what they can see in the water is a crocodile or a log, one of the cows kicks a stone at the object and it doesn't move, they then poke it with a stick and splash it with water and the cow that thinks its a log stands on it.
The wildebeests are still discussing whether the object in the water is a log or an alligator. The one who thinks it is an alligator throws a rock at it. It doesn't move so the other one says again, it's a log. The first wildebeest then says it's an alligator and pokes it with a stick. It doesn't move. The second says it's a log. The first then splashes water on it. It doesn't move, the second says it's a log. Then the first wildebeest jumps on it's back. 
the animal on the right though the thing in the water was a crocodile and the left thought it was a log, the right hand sided animal jumped onto it to see if it was in fact a rock
Two moose see something in the water. One says its an alligator, and the other one says its just a log. By looking at it, you cant tell. The one who insists its an alligator, tries to poke it, and then splash water on it, and then he finally stands on it.
two cartoon cows bulls by a riverside are looking at an object in the water.  One of them thinks its a log, the other disagrees and thinks its a crocodile alligator.  They both state what they think the item floating in the water is and the bull who thinks its an alligator throws a stone at it, then hits it with a stick then finally jumps onto the item.
The two animals continue to debate whether the floating object in the water is a log or a crocodile. One of the two prods it with a stick and then proceeds to splash water at it. When this gets no reaction, it climbs onto the object. 
There is an object in the water, both of the animals aren't agree on whether the object is a crocodile alligator or a log, the animal that thought it was possibly a crododile alligator has plucked up the courage to test it and they have jumped on the object hoping it is a log.
The bulls were having a discussion in their own language about the nature around them, including wood
The 2 animals where thinking to each other that it was either a log or a crocodile and couldnt come to an agreement so one of them went on top of it 
Two beasts are looking at something in the water in front of them. The thing is only party exposed and they are trying to decide what it is. One thinks it is an alligator, the other thinks it is a log. One of them pokes it with a stick and then steps onto it.
The two wildebeest continued to argue about whether the object in the water was a log or a crocodile. One wildebeest threw a stone at the floating object. The object did not move. The same wildebeest prodded the floating object with a stick. The wildebeest continued to argue. The object did not move. The wildebeest continued to argue. The same wildebeest then splashed the floating object with its hoof. The object did not move. The wildebeest continued to argue. The same wildebeest then jumped on the object.
The gnu that said it was a crocodile threw a stone at it, then poked it with a stick, then spalashed it and finally jumped on it
The two buffalos were arguing over whether the thing in the water was a crocodile or a log. To try and test it, the larger buffalo threw a rock at the thing in the water. It didn't move. Then, the larger buffalo tried prodding the thing with a stick, and it still didn't move. The pair continued to argue, and then the larger buffalo decided to stand on the thing in the water.
Two animals want to cross a lake. They come across a log in the lake and one of the animals thinks it is a crocodile instead. They begin going back and forth whether this is a log or a crocodile in the water. So they decided to test using a stick, they began poking the log to see if they'll be any reaction. And to deny the first animals assumption  is was really a log and not a crocodile.
The two cattle are debating if the object in the water is a log or a crocodile. They can not agree so one of the cattle tries to splash the object and then jumps on top of it.
The main character said that it was a crocodile but the other said it was a log. The main character insisted it was a crocodile. The main character took a stick and used to to hit the object but the object did not move. The main character then splashed water on the object but it still didn't move. The main character jumped on the object and it still didn't make any movement.
Two water buffalo are looking at an object in the water. They are debating whether it is a crocodile or a log. The one who says it is a crocodile throws something at the object, then starts splashing water at it. It then jumps onto the object in the water.
The buffalo reach the shore and wonder how they can safely cross to the island when there are crocodiles around. they think about using a log as a boat but then prod the island with a stick to make sure its solid and not floating. Once satisfied they make the leap to the island safely.
The two wildebeest keep arguing about whether or not the thing in the water is a crocodile or a log. One of the wildebeest throws a rock to prove its a crocodile, nothing happens. So then they try to poke at the unknown object with a stick, nothing happens. After that one of the wildebeest jumps on top of the unknown object.
Two buffalo are standing at the edge of some water.  There is a shape in the water, and the buffalo are disagreeing whether it is a log or an alligator.  They throw a rock at it, but it doesn't move.  Next, they throw a stick at it.  Still no movement.  Finally, one of the buffalo steps on top of it.  No movement, then the clip ends.
There were two buffalos standing next to the edge of water, debating on what they were seeing in the water. One thought it was a crocodile and the other thought it was a log. The one who thought it was a crocodile kept trying to entice it in order to prove to the other buffalo that it was in fact a crocodile. The thing in the water did not move despite the buffalos attempts which had the other buffalo even more convinced that it was indeed a log. Eventually the one who thought it was a crocodile climbed onto the thing in the water. 
The cows keep arguing about whether it is a log or a crocodile. The cow on the left pokes and prods the object with a stone and then a stick. Then it climbed on top of it, which is where it is standing now.
The animals continued to argue over if it was a log or a croc, one of them then proceeded to hit it with a rock,  poke it with a stick, spalsh water on it until it decided to jump onto whatever the object was 
the animal on the left thought the thing in the water was a log but the animal on the right thought is was a crocodile. the one on the right poked it with a stick ,then splashed a little water on to it and nothing happened so the animal jumped onto the object and got eaten up 
There are two cows on a river bank. They are trying to decide if the object in the river is a rock or a crocodile. The cow on the left thinks it's a crocodile and the one on the right things that it is a rock. The cow on the left pokes the object with a stick, splashes water on it, and then proceeds to jump onto it.
two wildebeest are trying to decide if something laying floating in the water is either a log or a crocodile. The go back and forth between each other trying to decide. One pokes at it and splashes water on it, then finally jumps on top of it.
the two bulls are still staring at the object in the water. the one bull keeps thinking that its a log, the other bull keeps thinking that its an alligator. they go back and forth like this a few times. one of the bulls splashes water on the object and pokes it with a stick. nothing happens to the object. the bull then stands on the object that is in the water and nothing happens
There are two animals to the side on a island, that have horns. There's a thing in the nearby water. The two animals are debating if the thing in the water is an alligator or a log. One of the animals does multiple things to get the thing in the water, like throwing a rock, poking it with a stick and splashing water on it. The two animals go back and forth about what the thing is. Finally one of the animals, just gets on it after insisting its an alligator. 
The two bulls tried to be sure it was a crocodile, so they threw a rock at it, poked it with a stick, splashed some water on it and as they still got no reaction one of the bulls jumped on what they thought was a crocodile.
The two animals argued over if the object was a gator or a branch. One decided to throw stones at it, then moved across and stood on it.
Two bulls are trying to determine whether a submerged object is a log or a crocodile.One thinks it is a log and the other a crocodille.
There are two cow beside the river male and female, the male cow is triyng to explain the object in the water is a crocodile while the female cow insist it is a log of wood,the male did four experiment to show that the object in the river is a crocodile one by throwing a stone,two by touch with a stick,by splashing water and lastly by jumping on the crocodile.
2 water buffalo are standing by a body of water. One of the buffalos thinks that the lump in the water is a crocodile, but the other buffalo thinks it is just a log. They are talking to each other disagreeing about what it really is. One of the buffalos splashes water on the lump, then pokes it with a stick, and then jumps on the lump and nothing happens. 
The two ox are still arguing over whether they are looking at an alligator or a log in the water. The one who think's it's an alligator gets more emphatic and increasingly bored and frustrated that the other ox still believes it is a log. To try to prove his point he's thrown a rock at it, kicked water at it, and poked it with its hooves before finally jumping on top of it, desperate to prove a point even though that would prove a terrible risk to his life if he's right.
One buffalo believes that there is a crocodile in the water while the other believes it is just a log. The one that thinks it is a crocodile throws a stone to see if the object moves. It doesn't. Then it pokes it with a stick and splashes water on it. It still doesn't move. Finally it jumps onto the object. 
There are two buffalos near the river, on tells the other that they think that is a crocodile in the water and the other says it's a log. The one throws a rock to see if it moves, it does not move. so it decides to poke it with a stick. the thing does not move. the buffalo then decides to jump on the floating object in the river.  
The two bizons continue to argue if the object in the water is infact a alligator or a log. One of the bizons pokes the object with a stick and then continues the disagreement with the other bizon. The bizon then splashes the object with water from the river.
Two bulls are standing by the waters edge. They see an onbject in the water and can't agree on what the object is. one bull thinks it is a log, the other bull thinks it is a crocodile. One bull throws a stone at the object, the object doesn't move. The same bull then pokes the object with a stick, again the object doesn't move. The bull then decides to jump on the object.
The animal that's closer to the viewer said that the object in the water is a log. The further animal said that it's an alligator and threw a rock at it. The object didn't move. The closer animal said that it's a log. The further animal said that it's an alligator and poked it with a stick. The object bobbed but didn't move apart from that. The closer animal said that it's a log. The further animal said that it's an alligator and splashed the water in front of it with its hoof. When the object didn't move the further animal stood on top of it.
Two buffalos are trying to cross a river. They see something in the river. One thinks it is a crocodile, while the other thinks it is a log. One throws stones at it to see if it is alive. He then pokes it with a stick and finally jumps on it to see if it is a crocodile or a log
there was two buffalos that were arguing by the river bank about what was floating in the water. one said its crocodile while the other one was convinces it is just a log so to prove who is right the buffalo that said the thing floating is a crocodile decide to splash the water for a reaction and when he did not get one, he climbed on top of the object.
The cattle first threw a stone at the object in the water. They they poked the object with a stick as it still didn't move.  Then the object was splashed with water.  All the time the two options of log or crocodile are in the cattle's minds.  The cattle then stands on the object.
Two buffalo standing on the side of a river, one states the unknown entity in the water is to be a crocodile. The other states it to be but a log, they debate back and forth with the first throwing a rock, followed by poking it with a stick, finally jumping onto it.
The two buffalo are still having a disagreement, via grunting noises, about whether the shape in the water is a crocodile or a log. The buffalo on the left, still convinced it is a crocodile, throws a pebble at the floating shape. It doesn't move. Then he pokes it with a stick, and still it doesn't move. He splashes it with water, and still it doesn't move!
Both animals are debating whether if it's a rock or an alligator. The left one keeps on insisting it's an alligator while the one on the right says it's a log. During this debate he's trying to prove by throwing water on the object, poking it with a stick and also at the end even jumps on him. 
two animated bulls withhorns are communicating with each other about a floating item in the river. left one suggests its a crocodile but on on the right think its a tree log. The left one jumps on it to test to see if its a log or not to proove their point.
The animals continued arguing over whether the thing in the water was a log or a crocodile. One of the animals poked it with a stick, and it didn't move. Then, he she decided to risk it and step onto the log crocodile.
The two water buffalo were looking at an object in the water. One thinks its a crocodile and the other thinks its a log. The one who thinks its a crocdile splashes sme water and pokes the object with a stick to convince the other one its a crocodile - finally he jumps onto the ojects
The Bison argue that it is a stick, the other thinks its an crocodile and throws a rock at it, it doesnt move. The other bison says its a log and the other still thinks its a crocodile so pokes it with a stick. When it still doesnt move, they argue again so the bison splashes it with water, when it still doesnt move they argue again and this time the bison steps on it 
The animal was trying to get pass it current location by utilizing a stone, a stick before jumping to its location
The cows are still arguing about whether the floating object is a crocodile or a log - one cow keeps insisting it's a crocodile. It throws a rock at the object but it doesn't move - the other cow says it's a log again. Crocodile cow is frustrated and pokes it with a stick - the object still doesn't move. The other cow says again that it's a log, crocodile cow disagrees and starts splashing it with water and even jumps onto the object.
Two bison are stood by the side of a river discussing and object in the river. One is convinced it's an alligator, the other a log. The one who thinks it's an alligator, throws water at it, then a stone, pokes it with a stick then eventually takes the plunge and leaps onto the mystery object.
The two main characters of the movie are arguing trying to determine whether the object in the water is an alligator or a log. One character keeps poking at the object trying to justify that their guess is correct, which is that the object is infact an alligator. After failing at convincing their friend, he jumped on the the object. 
A group of wildebeest are looking to cross a river. Two of them walk up to the edge of the water. They see a strange object in the water, one of the wildebeest thinks it might be a crocodile while the other thinks it might just be a tree stump. One of the wildebeest gets a stick and pokes the object. Nothing happens
There are two buffalo stood by the water. There is something visible in the water and they are trying to work out what it is. The buffalo on the left thinks it is an alligator and the buffalo on the right thinks it's a log. The buffalo on the left throws a rock at it and it doesn't move. They again exchange what they think it is. The buffalo on the left then picks up a stick and pokes it. It doesn't move again and they exchange what they think it is in the water. The buffalo on the left then puts one hoof on the object in the water and jumps on to it. 
The yak who thinks it's a crocodile argues with the other yak. It throws a stone at the crocodile, prods it with a stick, wets it with water before jumping on it's back.
The cows were debating whether or not the item in the water in front of them was a crocodile or a log.  The cow who thought it was a crocodile poked it with a stick and it didn't move.  The same cow also stood on the item as if it was an island.
The bison are still arguing about whether the object in the water they want to cross is a log or an alligator. The bison who thinks it's an alligator pokes at it with a stick, and when it doesn't move, the bison jumps onto the object.
We are watching an animated move. Two animals that look like water buffalo are on land at the edge of some water. They are looking into the water at a stationary object sticking out of the water. One of the animals thinks it is a log and the other thinks it is a crocodile (hiding it's head). They advise their thoughts in a speech bubble showing a picture of a crocodile or a log.  One of the animals throws a stone at the object, pokes it with a stick and throws water on it. Each time one says it is a log and the other says it is a crocodile in their speech bubbles. At the end of the clip the one that things it is a crocodile jumps on the object!!!
There are two buffalo standing at the edge of the water with something in front of them in the water. One buffalo says that it is an alligator. The other says that this is a log.nnThe first buffalo throws a stone at the object and the two disagree again. The first buffalo then pokes the object with a stick and the two disagree again.nnFinally the first buffalo climbs on top of the object.
two buffaloes i think. One way saying that it was a log that they were staring at that was somewhat submerged underwater and the other buffalo was saying that it isn't a log and in facts a crocodile. To see who is right they threw rocks at the mysterious object then at the end one of the buffaloes jumps on the object and nothing happens
The cow that thinks that it is a crocodile shows a frustrated expression and throws a rock at the unconfirmed crocodile or log, no reaction, he insists it is a crocodile, the other cow still says log. So the one that thinks it is a croc picks up a stick and pokes at it. Still no reaction. They both still have the same opinions. The first cow then tries splashing water at it, still no reaction, both of the cows still opinion unchanged. Then the cow jumps on top of the suspected crocodile or log, still no reaction from the object. 
the two cows continued to stand o the bank. Both still disagreeing if it was a alligator or a log. The cow who thought it was as gator hit it with a stick, threw a rock at it and has now decided to jump on its back if it is indeed a gator.
The 2 water buffulo are still arguing. The first insist its a crocodile and throws a stone at the object, the other insist its a log. When the stone does not elict a response the first water buffulo then pokes the object with a stick. When even that doesnt do anything, it proceeds to step acoss the water and onto the floating object.
Two cows are looking at crossing over some water. There is an object floating in the water. One cow thinks it is a crocodile. The other thinks it is a log. It is impossible to tell just from looking at the object which one it is. One cow throws a stone at it, it bounces off. Nothing happens. The other cow splashes some water on it. Nothing happens. Then the first cow, who thinks it is a crocodile, decides to jump on it to try and use it as a stepping stone across the water. 
The first buffalo says it is a crocodile and throws a stone at the crocodile log. The second buffalo still things that it is a log. The first buffalo then poke it with a stick. The second buffalo still thinks it is a log. The first buffalo then jumps on the log crocodile.
One of the buffalo is still adamant that the item in the water is a crocodile so it throws a rock at it and pokes it with a stick. The other buffalo doesn't believe that it's a crocodile, insisting that it's a log. The buffalo that believes it's a crocodile then jumps onto it.
The cow who thought the object was a log threw a stone at it, prodded it with a stick, and splashed it with water. The other cow continued to think it was an alligator. The cow who thought it was a log then stepped onto it.
Two bison by a watering hole, trying to decide if a floating object,is a croc,mor a log, he pokes it, prods it, splashes it with water, for reaction, no reaction, he jumps on it, it is indeed, a croc
The two animals were disagreeing about what was in the water, one thinking it was an alligator, one thinking it was a tree log. The one that thought it was an alligator first threw a rock at it, the thing in the water did not react. Then the same animal poked it with a stick, again it did not react. Still disagreeing what was in the water the animal tried to splash it with water and eventually jumped on top of it.
the two water buffalo are still debating whether it's a log or a crocodile. one of them pokes it with a stick, then splashes water on it, then stands on it to test what it is.
Two bison are stood near a water hole. There is an object in the water.One thinks the object is a log and the other thinks it is a crocodile. One of the bison and prods it and jumps on it thinking it is a log.
The two cows close to the river kept wondering if it was a crocodile. The one the right was still saying it was a log while the other one disagreed and said it was a crocodile. So the one of the right threw a stone on it and said, you see, well he did not speak but indicated it and then the one of the left said it is a crocodile. Then the one on the right took some water from the river and threw on it, the one on the left still did not believe, so he took a stick and poked it still no response, so can you imagine he jumped on it. Oh my goodness I wonder what will happen next. 
There are two animals who are looking at an object in a body of water. The first animal believes that it is a crocodile, the second animal thinks it's a log. The first animal is sure that it is a crocodile and first throws a rock at it, pokes it with a stick, and nothing happens. The first animal then jumps on top of the object.
The Wildebeest that thought it was a crocodile tried to persuade the other that it was by throwing a stone at it.  When nothing happened they then still couldn't decide so the same wildebeest then prodded it with a stick and splashed water on it before finally jumping on to it.  The wildebeest that thought it was a log stayed on the bank.
To prove it was an aligator the cow threw a rock at it and poked it with a stick. It didn't move, so he splashed water on it. It still didn't move, so he jumped on top of it. 
one bull thinks it's an alligator and the other thinks it's a log
Two yak are arguing whether a floating object is a log or a alligator. One threw a rock at it and jumped on top, nothing happened. No determination what it is yet. 
The cows were trying to work out if there was a log or a crocodile in the water and arguing on what it is then the cow who was saying it was a crocodile dipped its paw in the water. It then jumped on it
Two water buffalo are deciding whether something in the water is a log or alligator. They are having an argument on whether it's a log or alligator. The one that thinks it's an alligator pokes it with a stick and then jumps on top of it. It ends of just being a log.
Right after the one thought that it was a log the two got into and argument over if the thing floating in the water was a log or a crocodile. To prove that it was a crocodile they picked up a pebble and threw it at the thing. when it didn't move their friend said it was a log then the other picked up a stick and pocked it. After it still didn't move they proceeded to hop onto the thing in the water.
The cows continued arguing with the other cow saying it is a crocodile and the other cow saying it is a bunk of a tree. So the cow that was saying it's a crocodile decided to get a small stick ,and hit the object in the water, still the object didn't move
The wilderbeast on the left is convinced that the thing in the water is a crocodile! The wilderbeast on the right believes it is a log floating in the water. The left wilderbeast taps the object with a stick to get a reaction, but nothing happens. The same wilderbeast then proceeds to jump on the object to prove it is a crocodile, but nothing happens...
There was two wilderbeast at the bank of a river which they wanted to cross, one was arguing an object in the water was a log of wood while the other insisted it was crocodile?
After the two cows continued to argue the one of the left took steps to determine if it was a piece of wood or a crocodile. At first it threw a rock at it with no reaction, then splashed with water with no reaction and further ended up jumping on it to prove the theory.
There are 2 cows bulls at the river bank arguing whether what they see in the water is a crocodile or a log from a tree. The first cow bull then takes a stone and throws it at what he believes to be a crocodile, and nothing happens. The second cow bull still says it's a log. The first cow then picks up a stick and pokes at what he believes to be a crocodile, and still nothing happens. The second cow bull continues to argue that it's a log. The first cow bull then jumps onto what he believes to be a crocodile. 
Two animals are trying to cross a river.They are attempting to decide if a log or crocodile is in the water.
The buffalo kept asking each other whether the thing in the water was an alligator or a log. The buffalo that thinks it's an alligator tries to aggravate it by throwing a rock and splashing water on it. The thing doesn't move so the buffalo jumps on it.
There were two cows on the side of the lake or river. What could have been either a crocodile or a log was floating in the water next to them. This was uncertain. One cow said it was a log and the other kept saying it was a crocodile. One starts poking it with a stick and then stands on it. 
Two bison are having a debate over an object in the water, one thinks it is a log, the other thinks it is a crocodile. To prove that it is a croc, one bison pokes it with a stick, nothing happens. To further prove the point the bison splashes it with water, nothing happens. The bison then pokes the object and still nothing happens. Eventually the bison jumped onto the object.
The two animals are debating whether or not there's a log or alligator in the water. The one that thinks it's an alligator decided to jump on it.
Two wilderbeasts keep trying to make sense of a crocodile looking log in the water, 1 pokes at it with a stick and jumps on it.
The two bulls on the shore contradicted each other about what the object in the water could be. One of the bulls pokes the object with a stick and then because does not move, jumps over it.
The cow who thought it was a crocodile poked it with a stick and then jumped onto the log or crocodile. 
TWO COWS WERE AT THE RIVER AND THE FIRST COW SAID IT'S A CROCODILE WHILE THE SECOND COW SAID IT'S A STICK THEN THE FIRST COW THREW SOMETHING ON THE CROCODILE, SPLASH WATER AND JUMP ON THE CROCODILE.
the two ox are trying to figure out weather something that is floating in the water is a crocodile, a rock or a log before one pokes it with a stick and jumps on it.
The trusting bison threw a rock at the mystery object in the water and it did not react, and then turned back to its skeptical bison friend and reiterated that it was a log, but the bison friend continued to insist it was an alligator. Then the trusting bison poked the object with a stick, and the object still didn't react. The skeptical bison continued to insist it was an alligator. Then the trusting bison stepped into the water and splashed the object, and it continued to not react, so it stepped onto the object. 
The cows were arguing about whether the floating object was a crocodile or a lump of wood. One cow poked the object with a stick and then splashed water on it and nothing happened so the cow jumped on the object
the two bulls saw something in the water, one thought it was a log the other thought it was a crocodile, one bull throws a rock at it and then pokes it with a stick and then when that doesent work jumps on top of it
There are a few bulls standing by the water. They look at something in the water and ponder if it's a log or a crocodile. One of them dares to take a step onto the hard surface. 
There were two bison standing next to a drinking place river but there was an object in the water and one bison thought it could be a crocodile while the other thought it could be a log. To try and ascertain what it was they tried various ways of disturbing the object like splashing it with water and poking it with a stick and even jumping on it. The object still didn't move.
On the shore of a lake, two cows are trying to cross it, but one thinks there is a branch and the other thinks it's a crocodile. One pokes it with a stick, while the other throws a stone
The two buffalos are disagreeing about what the mound is in the water. The one buffalo continues to prod the mound convinced its a crocodile, the buffalo then jumps on the mound.
The two animals were debating as to what the item in the river is. One of the two felt it was a log. The other felt it was a crocodile. The one who felt that it was a crocodile threw a pebble at the item. He then jumped onto it.
Two zebras were looking at a green object in a lake. One of the zebras thinks the object is a lot while the other zebra thinks it's an alligator. One of the zebras grabs a stick and pokes the object with no response. The zebra then jumps on the object.
The two ox are arguing about if the thing in the water is an alligator or a log. So, the one on the left throws a rock at it. Nothing happens. Still undecided, it pokes it with a stick. Still undecided, it splashes it with water. Still undecided, it hops on top of the thing. 
The animals were trying to figure out if what they saw in the water was an alligator or a piece of wood. First, one of them threw a rock at it. Then they poked it with a stick. Lastly, they splashed it with water. Even though they still disagreed, the one who'd been trying things went ahead and stood on the wood at the end.
Two bison sat by the shore of a river and wondered what it was they saw in the water. One Bison thought it might be a log, while another guessed it might be a crocodile. Was it a rock? They two bison debated with each other until finally they decided to test their theories. First, they threw a rock at the form in the water, but alas, no reaction. Next, one of them stepped out into the river on top of the rock to cross. The rock did not react to the bison atop of it.
Two bulls are at a river. They want to use a rock to cross it. But they think it might be an alligator so they throw a rock at it and poke it with a stick. One of the bulls jumps on it.
There were 2 bison debating on whether or not what they seen in the water was a crocodile or a log. The one Bison that thinks it is a crocodile stepped on the object and even poked it with a stick but the object did not react as if it were a crocodile. 
They two African Buffalo (or whatever they are) are arguing. One thinks the object in the water is a log and the other things it's an alligator. The log buffalo is insistent it's a log so the other one hops onto it. 
The animal on the right poked at the mysterious thing in the water to get it to move because they thought it was an alligator. He poked it with a stick spalshed water and now he just stepped on it when you were waking up
Two cows are arguing about what is in the water. They can't decide if it is a log or crocodile. One cow throws a rock to see. Then, he pokes it with a twig. Finally, he climbs on top of it.
So, the two ox kept arguing over whether they were looking at an alligator or a log. The one that thought it was an alligator threw a rock at the thing in the water. No reaction. Next, the same ox tried poking it with a stick, then splashing it with water. No reaction. The other ox kept saying it was a log. The ox that thought it was an alligator STEPPED on its back. WHY would you do that if you thought it was an alligator? Anyway, let's see what happens.
In this animated movie, 2 cows are near the shore of a lake. Something is floating in the water. The first cow moos and says it thinks it's an alligator. It throws a pebble at the object, but nothing happens. The second cow shakes its head no, and moos that it is a log. The first cow pokes it with a stick, and still thinks it's an alligator. He ticks on the object and is supported by it. He doesn't get bitten, and the object doesn't move.
There are two large horned cattle-like animals at the edge of a body of water. They see something in the water and are trying to determine what it is. One of them thinks it is a log, while the other thinks it is an alligator. The one that thinks it is an alligator is trying to prove it's point by tossing a stone and poking it with a stick. Eventually it ends up jumping onto the object in the water.
Two cattle are stooon the bank of a watering hole and see a partially submerged object in the water.  They are debating what the objetc could be.  One believes it is a crocodile, the other thinks it is a log.  The one who thinks it is a crocodile decides to test the object.  First it pokes it with a stick and nothing happens.  Then it splashes it with water, and again nothing happens.  Thirdly it steps on it and once again nothing happens.
Two mooses were standing at a waters edge and look like they want to cross but they see something in the water and cant make up their mind if its a log or a crocodile.One throws a stone at it and then one pokes a stick,in the end one steps on the object.
Two wildebeest are at a watering hole looking at something in the water. One of them believes that it is an crocodile and the other believes it is a log. The one who thinks it's a crocodile pokes it with a stick, splashes it, and then jumps on top of it. The other continues to believe that it is a log. 
Two wildebeests are looking at a an object in the water. They are trying to figure out if it's a log or crocodile. One wildebeest throws a rock at it. It then pokes it with a stick. The object doesn't move so one wildebeest jumps on it.
Animals by the water are arguing over whether in the water is a crocodile or a log, one of the animals throws a stone but it doesnt move, then the same animal taps it with a stick but still doesnt move, then the same animal jumps on whats in the water 
Two animals that look like buffalo are standing at a watering hole and arguing whether something floating in the water is a crocodile or a log. One buffalo throws a stone at it to see if it will move and it doesn't, then they poke it with a stick and it still doesn't move so the buffalo jumped onto the crocodile log.
The animal convinced the lump is a crocodile tests the supposition by poking and splashing the lump in the water and eventually jumps on the floating lump.
The wildebeests still cant agree whether its a log or a crocodile. The one who thinks its a crocodile throws a stone at it, then pokes it with a stick, splashes it with water and then finally stands on it.
The two cows are still disagreeing whether it is a log or a crocodile. The one on the left throws a rock, and they continue to disagree. The left cow then pokes the object with a stick. They carry on disagreeing. The left cow then splashes the object with water and then proceedes to stand on the object insisting it is a log.
There are two bison on the edge of a river bank. They're standing towards the river and in front of them in the water is a floating object. One of the bison thinks its a crocodile while the other one insists it's just a log. They go back and forth for a while and the bison that thinks it's a crocodile tests the floating object by throwing a rock at it, poking it with a stick and finally standing on it. 
The 2 buffalos at the edge of the lake were trying to communicate to each other what the object in the lake was, one thought it was a log and the other thought it was a crocodile so the buffalo who thought it might be a crocodile started prodding the object with a stick and then he jumped on it to see what it was
two cows looking at an object in the river. one cow thinks its a crocodile and the other thinks its a log. the cow who thinks its a croc throws a stone at it and then pokes it with a stick. it them jumps on top of the object.
The main characters were standing along side a river and were murmuring. One of the characters hit the water with a cane and later step on the water to land on a carve on the water
The two cows are arguing between themselves whether the floating object is a log or a crocodile.  The cow who is saying that it is  crocodile starts to prod and splash the object then jump onto it
Two wilder beasts are arguing about an object in the river. One thinks it's a log and the other thinks it's a crocodile. One of the wilder beasts throws a stone at the object then pokes it with a stick and splashes water on it. Eventually the animal jumps on the floating object.
The two bisons discuss what the thing in the water is still - one thinks that it is a log and the other thinks it is an alligator. One of them pokes the thing with a stick but nothing happens. They discuss again, and one of them splashes the thing with its hoof. Nothing happens. So one of them jumps onto the thing in the water 
Two buffalo stood by the edge of a body of water and debated whether something in the water was a log or a crocodile. The one that thought it was a crocodile kept trying to get it to stir, first by throwing a rock at it, then by prodding it with a stick, followed by splashing water on it. Finally, the buffalo went and stood on top of the crocodile log.
a couple of water buffalo are checking out what they think is a log. one of them steps on it
The buffalo that thinks its an alligator throws a small rock at it, pokes it with a stick, and finally stands on top of it, all the while vehemently disagreeing with his brethren about whether its an alligator or a log.
Two water buffalo are debating over a visible object in the water. The buffalo closest believes it's a crocodile, the other believes it to be a log. nThe buffalo closest first throws a rock at the object with no response, then pokes it with a stick, no response, splashes it with water with no response, then jumps onto the object. All the while, they are debating back and forth as to what it is. 
Two bison are arguing, one bison thinks they are looking at a log, and the other bison thinks it's an alligator. The bison who thinks it is a log argues that it's a log because it doesn't move or react when splashed with water or poked with a stick. The other bison thinks it's an alligator that's just staying still and jumps on it to prove it.
Two bulls cant decide if an object in the water is a wooden log or crocodile so they poke it and jump on it 
The two wildebeest continued to argue over whether it was a crocodile or a log, with the one who insisted it was a crocodile poking it with a stick and throwing a stone to try and prove its point, before finally jumping on it.
the two cow were arguing between themselves if what was in the water was a log of wood or a crocodile, at a point one of the cow poked the object in the water with a stick but the augment still continues and finally one of the cow jump in the object that was in the water
there are two buffalo standing in front of a pond. they see an object poking out of the water and are trying to decide what it is. one buffalo thinks it is a log , the other thinks it is a aligator. they throw stones and poke the object with a stick but it does not rspond
A couple of animals are debating whether a figure in the water is a log or an alligator. One pokes it and interacts with it.
Two buffalo are by the waters edge and there is something in the water in front of them. The two buffalo are unsure whether it is a log or a crocodile, so they poke at it with a branch and splash it with water. As it doesn't react they think it is a log an done of the buffalo jumps on top of it.
The one who thought it was a crocodile threw a stone at it with no reaction. So he poked it with a twig and still no reaction. He then decided to step onto it.
Two oxen see something in the water. One thinks it's an alligator. The other says it's a log. The first one then throws a rock at it, but it doesn't move. The second one says. log. The first one says alligator. The the first one pokes it with a stick. It doesn't move. Then the first jabs at it. They both say log and alligator again. 
two yaks are looking at a log crocodile. The yak splashes the log with water, pokes it with a stick to see if it moves before tentively putting one foot on it 
The wildebeest kept arguing whether it was a crocodile or a log. The one splashed it and poked it with a stick before jumping onto it. 
The two cows prod the object with a stick.nOne thinks it could be a crocodile .nThe other thinks it could be a log.
The two wildebeest continue to argue over whether they're looking at a log or a crocodile. Between bouts of disagreement, the one that insists it's a crocodile throws a stone at it, then pokes it with a stick, then splashes it with water before finally reaching over and stepping onto it.
the two buffalo wanted to cross the river but there was something in the way, they were trying to figure out if it was a floating log or a crocodile, they through stones and poked it with sticks it didn't move so one of the buffalo bravely jumped onto the unknown object. 
Two oxenare debating whether or not a lump in the river is a crocodile or a log. One thinks it is the former, the other the latter. One of the oxen pokes it with a stick, nothing happens. It then jumps on the back of the mound and stands there.
The two water buffalo were debating if the thing in the water was a log or a crocodile. The tested it by poking it with a stick and splashing water on it. Finally, the one that thought it was a crocodile tapped it with its foot and then stood on top of it.
