The man tries to smoke the woman wakes up to take it away from him but when she returned the man had gotten another Cigarette to smoke.
the lady throws her drink over him, then he lights 2 ciggarettes
The man doesn't react to the glass of wine being thrown over him. The woman moans at him for not having a drink saying he's a computer analyst not a surgeon. The man lights a cigarette and the woman gets up and grabs it from him and tells him he can't smoke in her house. She puts the cigarette out in an ashtray but in the meantime the man lights and starts to smoke another cigarette.
As his face is dripping from the wine she poured over him, she expresses her sadness rather aggressively that he will not drink, complaining that he is a data analyst and not a surgeon, or something to that effect. He then lights a cigarette and she says not in my house and grabs it off him. As she returns from the sink where she put it out, she has already lit another one, and she then complains of passive smoke. 
The boyfriend begins to light a cigerette which the woman yells at him saying no smoking in the house,she snatches the cigerette from his mouth and puts it out in an ash tray,the boyfriend then smokes another cigerette,the women is not happy and explains about passive smoking
The man and the lady were having an argument because she wanted him to have a drink. He never replied to her he just got out a cigarette and lit it up. She did not want him to smoke in her house so she took it off him and put it out. He took out another cigarette, lit it up and began smoking it.
The woman said why can't you just relax, for once in your life. Have a drink!, angrily. The man, in response, lights a cigarette, which angers the woman. She says how dare you smoke, in my house. She gets up, grabs the cigarette out of his mouth, and squashes it into an ashtray on the sideboard. As she does so, she hears the sound of him lighting another one. She sits down and says something about passive smoke. 
The woman raises her voice at the man saying 'you're a computer analyst, not a surgeon - why can't you just relax?'. The man then lights a cigarette and starts to smoke. The woman says 'Don't you dare, don't you dare smoke in my house' and makes a comment about passive smoking. She rises from her seat and walks over to take the cigarette out of the man's mouth. She walks away with the cigarette and extinguishes it in a metal ashtray on the mantlepiece. The man then proceeds to light and smoke another cigarette.
The girlfriend is extremely annoyed that he was not taking a drink and throws a glass of white wine on his face. He starts to smoke a cigarette but she puts it off saying that he cannot smoke in her house. But he lights another one right after and now she is annoyed that she will be a victim of passive smoking.
As her boyfriend is sat there with wine dripping down his face, she points out that he is a computer analyst, while she is talking he lights up a cigarette which angers her and she walks over to him and pulls it out of his mouth and extinguishes it in aa ashtray but when she turns back around she sees that he has lit up another cigarette and then she complains about passive smoke.
After throwing the wine in his face, the woman tells her partner to relax. That he is only a computer analyst, not a surgeon waiting on call. He responds by taking out and lighting a cigarette. She does not want him to smoke in her house, so she snatches it from his lips and puts it out. As she is turned, he lights another cigarette and takes a big puff. 
The woman shouts and swears at her boyfriend, asking him to relax. He lights a cigarette in response and the woman grabs it from his mouth exclaiming don't you dare smoke in my house While she is disposing of the cigarette he immediately lights another. She is not happy and tells him sarcastically that's right, passive smoking in my house She is not happy.
After the lady throws the drink at his face, he gets his cigarette up. The lady gets angry and grabs it and says he can't smoke at her house. She puts the cigarette on an ashtray. At the same time, he gets another cigarette out and starts smoking it. All this while, he does not say a word but passively smokes. 
she throws the wine in his face. tells him to stop being a robot and relax. he then lights a cigarette. she erupts telling him not to dare smoking in her house and comments on passive smoke.
The woman exclaims that he should lighten up as he works as a computer analyst not a surgeon. He slightly wipes his face and lights a cigarette. The woman takes it and extinguishes it telling him don't you dare smoke in the household. He lights up another and the women gives up sarcastically remarking about passive smoking.
She argues with him to relax. Then he started smoking then she said don't smoke in my house then takes the cigarette away from him then he lights up enough one and she just says something about passive smoking.
The man takes out a cigarette and the lady isnt happy with this so she takes it out his mouth and puts it out in a ash tray. He then gets another out and starts smoking this instead. 
After the girlfriend threw the wine she says your a computer programmer not a surgeon and he starts to light a cigarette she grabs it out of his mouth and puts it out and so he lights another one and she complains about passive smoking.
The woman after pouring the wine on the man shouted that he is a computer analyst not a surgeon. Have some drink she said. The man took out a cigarette and lit it. The woman then moved to him and pulled it out of his mouth and put it in the sink. The man again pulled out a second cigarette and lit it. The woman resumed her seat and said Oh yeah, have some cigarette.
the woman scream at the an to loosen up, says he's a computer annalist not a surgeon, he then without saying anything takes out a cigarette, she says not in my house takes the cigarette and puts it out then when she turns he has lit another one to smoke
after the lady threw the contents in her wine glass at her husband, she started shouting and telling him how he is a computer analyst not a surgeon so he needs to loosen up. well husband did not like that because he pulled out a cigarette to smoke and the wife took away ad guess what? he took out another one and lady didnt even bother fighting him 
The wife has just thrown wine over her husband because shes angry. He retaliates by lighting up a cigarette. She stubs the cigarette out by he lights up another and shes angry that shes going to be inhaling the smoke.
The female is knocking back the wine but the male says he can't drink as he's on call. The female despairs as he's only a computer analyst and throws her glass of wine over him. She sits down and he lights a cigarette. She grabs the cigarette and stubs it out demanding him not to smoke in her house but by the time she turn around he's lit another cigarette! She mumbles 'passive smoking' under her breath to him in an annoyed fashion clearly annoyed.
The woman had just thrown a drink in her husband's face. He looks down emotionless and lights a cigarette. She gets up and does not want him to smoke in her house, she removes the cigarette from his mouth and puts it out. By the time it's out he lights another one while looking down. She is upset.
The lady tells the man to lighten up and to just enjoy a glass of wine. He explains that he can't because he is on duty. She gets angry with him and throws wine over his face. He then lights a cigarette as he is feeling in shock and a little angry. He then goes on to eat more food, not really responding to her. 
The woman gets mad at her husband because he wouldn't drink due to his job. The husband respond by taking out a smoke. Angry, she walks over and takes the smoke from him putting it out. He then just lights another one as she berates him. 
After the lady pored the drink on the guy, the guy took a cigarette and started smoking but the lady snatched it and told him not to smoke in his house but the guy didn't m find her
the woman got mad and threw a drink in the guys face.  then he started smoking a cigarette
The woman complains that he's a computer analyst, not a surgeon and tells him to relax. The man takes out a cigarette and smokes. The woman gets angry and throws the cigarette away, telling him not to smoke. He lights up another cigarette.
the man and woman are bickering. She is cross that he won't drink and makes light of his job with computers. He reacts by taking a cigarette out of his pocket and smoking. The girl then takes it off him and puts it out in an ash tray. He responds by getting another cigarette, the girl responds with a comment about passive smoking
