She orders for a new robot which is brought to her door step, the delivery ladies knock on her door. she opens the door. the robot is unwrapped.
she orders a new robot and it gets delivered
The woman finishes telling customer support what she wants from an upgraded robot. The picture fades out. Then there is a knock at the door. Two female delivery operatives are at the door with a large box containing a new robot. The woman begins to unwrap the new model.
The woman continues to describe what she is looking for over the phone to the operator. The camera then cuts to her at the door, opening it to take delivery of the new robot she had earlier ordered. 
there is a knock on the door and two women deliver a new robotic boyfriend,they take the plastic wrapping off exposing what the new boyfriend looks like
the lady finishes her conversation on the phone ordering her replacement robot man. Then as the screen fades away there is a loud knock on the door, there are 2 ladies who are delivering a new robot. They have just started to unwrap it.
After she fine tunes her requirements the scene shifts to a knock on the door. She goes to peer through the eye of the door, and opens it to find two women with a large box that has on it the name of the robotics company. The scene shifts again to the plastic being peeled from the new model -- and at first glance the new one looks like the old one. 
The woman continues her phone call requesting her new unit have 'just a five o'clock shadow, maybe less hair, blonder'. Then there are 3 loud knocks on the door. The woman opens the door to two delivery women from Prometeus Robotics dropping off the new unit in a box. The woman begins to unwrap the new unit from its plastic packaging.
So after she orders the replacement boyfriend with very specific qualities like him being a rock climbing masseuse, etc, the robotics company takes her order. She goes off phone and soon after someone knocks her door. She goes to open it, and they are here delivering her everlasting love in the form of a robot boyfriend.
You can hear her on the phone telling someone what she wants and then in the next scene there is a knock at the door and when it opens there are 2 women on overalls it looks like they are delivering the new unit.
Two women arrive in jumpsuits and have the woman's new ordered boyfriend wrapped in plastic. They start to remove the plastic as the scene cuts to the woman, ready for the reveal. 
There is a loud knock at the door and two delivery ladies being to unwrap the newly delivered robot man
The lady calls up the robotics company and tells them she is not happy with her current asset. The receptionist asks why and the lady says it lacks ambition. She tells the receptionist upon being asked that she would prefer someone more ambitious and sporty. She gives an example from the website but specifies facial features like a 5 o clock shadow. The screen goes black and a bang is heard. She opens the door and there is delivery. Her new asset has arrived.
on the phone to robotics company she asks for an upgrade. she wants a rock climbing masseuse with short blonde hair. someone knocks on the door. it two delivery women from the robotics company. they have her replacement model wrapped in plastic.
As the woman exclaims what she wants from the new robot boyfriend, it shows a picture of her wedding with her presumable husband. She lists on her requirements such as 5 o'clock shadow, short hair and blonde. The delivery people arrive with the new robot and start unboxing it
The door went and she opened the door and it's the new robot.
The lady orders a new robot to her house which is delivered in a cardboard box, she seems more happier to see this robot arrive. 
The girlfriend calls Robotics company and orders a new model boyfriend like the picture online but specifies differences from the one shown online, there is a knock at the door and a lady turns up with a box containing the new model boyfriend which they start to unwrap.
The woman continues her description of the robot she wants as the scene fades away. In the next scene there's a knock at the door, the woman opens the door and it is two women from the robotics company with the new robot. 
the woman tells the oporator she wants a five oclock shadow shorter hair and blonde, the door then knocks and two females appear with her new robot and start taking the plastic off
due to her dissatisfaction, lady went on to order an upgrade and personalized it to exactly what she wants and it got delivered 
The woman has ordered a more exciting model of husband - a rock climbing masseuse - and two women turn up at the door to deliver it in a box and begin unwrapping it
The woman is on the phone to the robot providers arranging an exchange for a racier model male human robot settling for a rock climbing masseuse with short hair and some stubble ...nTime moves on and there's a knock at the door. The women answers and it is her new model robot male being delivered by the Prometeus robot suppliers. The two female delivery workers start to unbox and unwrap the new robot ...
A woman calls a company and wants to upgrade her husband unit. After some time, two women deliver her husband unit to her and she looks at him.
The lady calls the robotic website and asks for a new robot. She desribes how she wants one that is more adventurous and asks for a rock climbing misuse. Two attractive females then deliver a new man to the front door. The man is just being uncovered from the packaging. 
She tells them she wants one with a five o clock shadow and short hair. It fades to black as they pound on her door. She looks through the peephole to see a woman standing there. She opens the door as another woman, who seems to be her twin, drops a robotics box and uncovers the robot. 
The lady requested for another robot and was delivered at her doorstep
her new robot came in and she's unpacking it
The woman asks for a model with blonde, short hair. Two delivery girls, presumably robots, arrive with the package and take the packaging off the replacement model.
she asks that the new model has shorter hair. There is then a knock at the door and two women bring a package containing the new robot boyfriend
