After the new man arrives, the woman turns on the robot man and he awakes at the dinner table. The woman sits down and watches him closely while he starts to eat his dinner. He makes a comment about the asparagus being an aphrodisiac as the woman very recently said to her last boyfriend husband robot man. He then walks over to her as if to touch her.
She is sat with the new robot boyfriend having dinner. She offers him a glass of wine and he declines as he has a 'big climb tomorrow', but then he says to her that the aspargus is very tender and that it is an anthrodisiac. She asks who told him that and he says its just want people say. He gets up from the table to her side and puts his hands on her shoulders. 
The woman is sitting at the table with her new robot husband. She asks him if he wants wine and he says no as he has a big climb. He says the asparagus is very tender and she smiles at the familiarity, he then says it's an aphrodisiac with a glit in his eyes and she says who says he says he doesn't know but he gets up, saunter behind her chair and places his hands on her shoulders
as they are tucking into their dinner the husband says the asparagus is very tender. she seems surprised. he tells her they say it is an aphrodisiac you know. she asks who. he gets up and stands behind her, holding her arms.
The robot complements the asparagus, just like the last one did. He then repeats the woman's earlier comment about asparagus being an aphrodisiac. The woman flirts a little. The robot then gets up, approaches the woman, stands behind her and puts his hands on her shoulders. She looks a little nervous. 
At first the woman thinks this model will be just like that last one until he makes the same comments about the asparagus that she did last time. Then the man gets up and puts his hands on her shoulders.
Before the old model is taken away, the woman takes off the wedding ring from the old robot husband and puts it on the new one. She then switches the new robot man on, starting the dinner scene again. He seems more 'ambitious' than the previous one. 
The new robot is seated at the dinner table, and begins to eat.  He mentions that the asparagus is tender, and that it is an aphrodisiac, which the woman mentioned earlier.  He then gets up and starts to massage the woman's shoulders.
The woman sits down across the table from her new robot man to eat. She asks if he wants a drink and he says no because he has a climb tomorrow. The man then says something about asparagus being an aphrodisiac and the proceeds to stand up and walk behind the woman and put his hands on her shoulders.
The new man says the asparagus is very tender, you know they say it is an aphrodisiac. The woman replies who says and he says he doesn't know but people say it.  She stands behind him and put her hands on his shoulders
The new switches on and begins to eat, repeating something that the old robot had said, which seems to shock and upset the woman. But then he repeats something that she had previously said, about asparagus being an aphrodisiac, in a flirty, playful way, which seems to excite the woman. He then stands up and moves behind her and places his hands on her shoulders.
the man and woman both sat down, the man starts talking about the asparagus and says it is tender and asked if she knew that it was an aphrodesiac , the man stands up and walks over to her and stands behind her 
The new robot is activated. The woman offers it a glass of wine which it declines because it has a big climb tomorrow. The robot comments on how tender the asparagus is and comments on how it is an aphrodisiac. It then stands and approaches the woman and stands behind her rubbing her shoulders.
i was wrong, it appears to be the same day as when the lady and other robot man were having dinner. the lady and her new robot boyfriend are sitting at the table and eating the same dinner that she was having with her previous robot boyfriend. she asks him if he wants a drink and he says he cant, he has something important the next day. he makes a comment about the asparagus, the same comment that the other robot boyfriend made. she asks who says that and he says i dont know, people. the then gets up from the table and walks over to the woman
The new robot mentions that the asparagus is very tender and goes on to say all the said earlier about the topic. Then it gets up and walk over to her back and just sets his hands on her.
They are now having dinner, the unit is happy with what she has cooked for them. He eats the asparagus and proceeds to touch the girl's shoulders. 
the new man remarks about the asparagus being tender, she replies, yes dear. he then goes on to say the same line she used earlier about it being an aphrodisiac while putting the asparagus in his mouth seductively. she smiles at this, and playfully replies, who says. he replies the way she did earlier, then gets up and walks towards her.
The woman kisses the old robot, takes the wedding ring from the finger and slips it on one of the new robot's fingers. She then powers the robot, sits opposite of him and the robot starts to eat. The woman asks if he would like a glass of wine. The robot says he can't because he has a big climb tomorrow. The robot then says that the asparagus is good and that it makes a good aphrodisiac. 
Her new robotic is set up and seated at the dining table with her. She asks Glass of wine?, the robotic answers No thanks, I've got a big climb tomorrow. The man continues eating and says The asparagus is very tender, the woman says Oh, the robotic says They say it's an aphrodisiac you know?, the woman asks Who says that?, the man replies I don't know, people, people say it is. He then gets up and walks over to the woman.
The robot says to the wife the same line she said before about the asparagus being an aphrodisiac and gets up, stands behind his wife and takes her shoulders in his hands about to massage her. 
He tells her he has a busy day tomorrow and compliments her on the food. Mentions something about the asparagus and then gets up to get behind her.
She offers her new robot some wine, he declines. The robot then mentions the asparagus being tender and how its an aphrodisiac, he then gets up and stands behind the woman. 
After ordering a new man robot, the woman removes the wedding ring from the old model and places it on the new robot. She offers him wine and he refuses it, like the other robot did, but then he says that the asparagus are tender and some say it is an aphrodisiac, just like she said earlier in the movie. The man gets up and walks to her and stands behind her. 
The robot man starts eating and the girl asks if he wants a glass of wine but he says no.Then he says the asparagus is very tender then he quotes what she said earlier about it being an aphrodisiac .She asks the question who says and he asnserws just people,then he gets up and come behind her
The robot wakes up. He also refuses the wine due to a climb he has tomorrow. He says the asparagus is tender and also that it is an aphrodisiac. She asks who say's it's an aphrodisiac. He gets up and begins to massage her shoulders.
The woman is having a meal with her new robot and it is very similar to the meal she shared with her previous robot. She asks him if he would like some wine and he declines like her previous robot did. He then makes a remark about the asparagus they are eating which is exactly the same comment the previous robot made about it. They both have said that it is an aphrodisiac. It feels like the same scene again except this time her new robot has come out of his seat and approached the woman presumably to give her a massage.
She puts her old robots ring onto the new blonde model and turns him on. They resume their Anniversary dinner. The new robot also refuses the wine and shes visibly upset but he makes the same comment she did earlier about asparagus being an aphrodisiac. He then gets up and walks behind her. 
She asks if he wants a glass of wine but he says no thanks he has a big climb tomorrow. She seems disappointed as thats what the other guy said to her. He says that the meat is cooked very nicely and she seems happy. He says its an aphrodisiac and she seems very happy, she says who says that, he says some people. Its the same thing she said earlier in the film, remember?
the new robot man starts eating his dinner and says the same things that about the food that she had said to the previous one. He gets up from the table and goes round to the back of her and starts a massage on her neck and shoulders.
He says the asparagus is very tender and that they it is an aphrodisiac. She asks Who does? He replies it's just what people say. He then walks over to her and puts his hands on her shoulders while standing behind her. She looks a little shocked but perhaps in an excited way.
