The woman turns of a switch the man who happens to be a robotic goes off and is seated, she walks to her sit and says happy anniversary, she gets her mac book and goes to the robotic website
she goes on the computer and looks for a different robot
The woman wishes the deactivated robot 'husband' a happy anniversary and then goes on her laptop and looks at a robotics website which features several robot men 
After switching his button off she sits back on her seat, having put her feet on the table, saying happy anniversary before getting up to leave to another room. She is then seen at a computer screen perusing a robot website where it seems she may be looking for another lover. 
the boyfriend slumps forward and the women sits back down and puts her feet up at the table,she then goes online and starts looking at robotic boyfriends,she sees one that she likes
After she had switched off her male companion the lady got up off his lap and went and sat back in her chair, she kicked off her shoes and put her feet up on the table whilst uttering the words happy anniversary. She then logs onto her computer and looks at a website that sells robotic men
She goes back to her side of the table, kicks off her shoes, and puts her legs up on the table, and says Happy Anniversary. The scene shifts to her with her laptop, and she is shopping for new boyfriend models from a robotics company. She looks at her old boyfriend, then at a new model which has caught her eye. 
The woman retreats back to her side of the table and sits in her seat. She puts her feet up one at a time on the table, crossing them over and says 'happy anniversary'. She then walks over to the computer and looks at a page called 'Prometeus robotics' on a laptop. She looks at the list of options that shows images of men.
He goes limp after his switched is turned off, she goes back to her chair, sits down, looks at him and sarcastically whispers happy anniversary while putting her feet on top of the table. She then goes to her laptop and starts looking at other robot boyfriends and looking at her smile at 05 PAUL it seems like she found her next boyfriend!
Aften switching him off she goes back to her seat, takes off her shoes and puts her feet on the table. Then she goes online to a website called robotics and looks at other products that they make she then glances over to to the table,
After powering off what I guess is a robot, the woman gets her laptop and goes to a site called Prometheus Robotics. She looks through a selection of different robot men and decides on what who is the opposite type from her powered down boyfriend - more rugged and muscular. She smiles and picks up her phone to call the provided number. 
upon switching off the robot man, the woman proceeds to go online on her laptop to shop for a new model, she appears to find one that takes her fancy
The woman apologises to the man and sits on his lap. She caresses the side of his head and the viewers get to see a metallic button. It becomes evident that he is her robot husband. She is displeased with him as she switches of his button and his sense of consciousness drops. She goes back to her room an goes on a robotics website in which she seeks another robotic man. She stumbles upon one that looks very different from the one she has now. 
after turning off the robot, she sits back down and exclaims, happy anniversary. she then opens her laptop and looks at the robot manufacturers website at other robots.
The woman sits back down with her legs on the table exclaiming happy anniversary. She then boots up her MacBook and searches for a new mechanical boyfriend
She simply went on her laptop and found a new robot.
The lady walks to her laptop and seats down. She then opens her apple laptop and begins to look at the screen, while looking up at the man.
The girlfriend puts her feet up on the dinning table and grumpily says happy anniversary and then started to look at other robots on a robotics website before smiling happily on a new boyfriend option.
After the man slept, the woman went back to her seat, put her legs on the table then wished the man a happy anniversary. The woman began a search on her computer for a new robot. She saw one picture and started smilling.
the woman walks away takes her shoes off then sits back at the table putting her feet up, she then goes to the laptop and looks up male robots
after that awful awkward conversation the lady went on to her computer to look at possible suitors 
Turns out the womans husband is a robot and she's just switched him off. She gets up from his lap and goes to her computer where she looks at a robotics website where she can choose different types of men. She calls up details on another one that looks more exciting
The girl has ended up sitting on the mans lap apologizing for the argument. She reaches to the back of his neck to reveal an on off switch - it would appear the man is a robot! She flicks the switch to off and the robotic man slumps over all power gone! The girl looks unhappy and moves to a desk where she opens a laptop and goes to a robotics website specialising in human looking male robot companions. She starts to peruse the website for a new model ...
The woman in the video complains to the man and points out that they have short sex. Then she apologizes and sits on the man's lap and reaches behind his neck and turns him off. While he is turned off he is facing down like some sort of robot. The woman goes on her laptop and browses different husband robots and she finds one that she likes.
While finishing a few more mouthfuls of food the lady insults her robotic husband during their anniversary dinner. She then hugs him and apologizes and then switches him off so he falls to sleep. She the starts to read a website about robotic men and finds one she likes. 
After turning him off, she walks back to her side of the table. She takes her shoes off before taking a seat. She then went on to her laptop to find another robot. She glances at the old one as she looks for a new one. She finds one she likes and smiles. 
The lady left the guy on the chair and took her laptop and watched some designs and smiled 
the guy turned out to be a robot and he powered down while she looked at new ones online
The woman looks up different models of boyfriend robots on her Apple laptop. She finds a bearded one and smiles.
after switching off her robot boyfriend the girl sits with her feet up on the table. She then goes to her apple computer and looks at the robotics website on information to buy a new model 
