The new robot is seated and switched on he compliments the meal and engages in a conversation with the woman. 
the new robot is just like the one she ruturned exept it looks different
The woman is having dinner with the new model robot now. She offers him a glass of wine but he declines saying he has a big climb tomorrow. He then compliments the asparagus saying it is very tender and that some people say it's an aphrodisiac.
After saying goodbye to her old lover, she put the ring on her new robot lover and asked him if he wanted wine. He proceeded to give a similar answer to the old robot, which she seemed a bit confused by, but the new robot proceeded to state that asparagus is a stimulant, which is what she had said to her previous robot which gave her interest, and she proceeded to ask who does as the old robot lover had asked her. 
the new boyfriend is sat at the table and switches on,he opens his eyes looks around and begins to eat,the women offers him a glass of win but refuses saying he as a climb tomorrow,he then talks about the  asparagus and mentions that it is an aphrodisiac,the women is interested in hearing this
the new man has woken up and starts to eat the meal that is in front of him. The lady and the man have the exact same conversation about the asparagus being tender and it being an aphrodisiac but it is the man that initiated it this time.
The new model does look very much like the old model, but with facial hair. They begin eating dinner and at first he seems JUST like the old model -- he can't drink wine because he has a big climb tomorrow. You can see the disappointment on her face. But then the new model repeats HER line about asparagus being an aphrodisiac, and she feels as if yes she is starting out much better. 
The new unit takes a napkin and puts it into his lap. The woman asks if he'd like a glass of wine and he declines as he says he 'has a big climb tomorrow'. The woman looks a little disappointed. The new unit echoes the comment made by the old unit, saying 'the asparagus is very tender' but he then echoes the woman's previous line saying 'they say it's an aphrodisiac, you know?' the woman replies, as the old unit did 'Who does?' and the new unit replies 'you know, people'. The woman gives a wry smile.
She boots up the new robot and he continues the meal that was laid for the older one. He also refuses wine and passes the same comment about the asparagus. He also tells her its good aphrodisiac (which was the same comment that she passed in the beginning with the older boyfriend). Seeing that he has the same thoughts as her, she seems to be happy with him for now.
The new unit starts to eat and when she offers them a glass of wine he refuses because he has a big day tomorrow. He comments that the asparagus is tender and then then tells her that they say its and aphrodeziac and she replys with who says that basically they are having the same conversation as she had with the last unit but it's the new unit that is complimenting the asparagus.
The new boyfriend begins eating and behaving similar to the last boyfriend. He refuses a glass of wine and says he has a climb tomorrow. But then he eats the asparagus and makes the same comment as the woman did previously about it being an aphrodisiac. He says this with a smile and wag of the head, and the woman is clearly enjoyed it, laughing and leaning in. 
The robot wakes and begins to eat, the lady asks if he'd like some wine, but he refuses and says he has a big climb tomorrow. He then compliments her on the tenderness of the asparagus and repeats what she said earlier about it being an aphrodisiac, she smiles.
The lady grabs the wedding ring from the old robot and puts it into the new robot and turns his switch on. They are sat on the same dining table as the beginning of the film. She offers him a drink but he refuses as he says he has some sort of sporty thing to do. She kind of looks dejected but he makes small talk and she seems pleased. 
she sits opposite the new robot at the dinner table. he starts eating.she offers him wine, he declines as he has a meeting tomorrow. he says the asparagus is tender and says they say its an aphrodisiac you know. she asks who says that. he says he doesnt know... people do
The scene basically repeats but with the new boyfriend robot. She asks if he wants a glass of wine, and the robot declines due to a big climb. He comments on the asparagus and how it is an aphrodisiac which makes her happy. She then asks who says that.
New robot and the woman are eating yet again and said exactly same thing as last robot did.
The ladies old robot is carted out of her house to which she says goodbye, the new robot then sits down at the table and they begin having dinner together, striking up a similar conversation to the one she had with the other robot. 
The now new husband sits and begins to eat, she offers him wine but he says he cant as he has a big climb tomorrow, she looks disappointed again and says yes dear, he also mentions that the asparagus is very tender and it is an aphrodisiac to which she looks hopeful, she ask him who and he says desperate people.
The woman offered to pour the man some wine but the man declined. The man the started eating and said it was very tender. The woman replied yes it is. The man then said they say it is an aphrodisiac and the woman asked who said?. The man replied i don't know, its what peole say.
the woman is now at dinner with her new bot and she offers him wine, h says no again and she looks disappointed. he then mentions the asparagus being tender and then quickly follows by him explaining to her that is is an aphrodisiac to which she smiles and asks who does 
looks like these men all dont like her wine and quite obsessed with her tender asparagus because even the new declined her wine and pointed out how tender her asparagus is 
The woman starts up the robot once he's sitting at the table. He also refuses to have a drink as he has a big climb tomorrow. However he compliments her on the asparagus and says its an aphrodisiac.
The new model male robot boots up and starts to eat hi dinner picking up where the old robot was turned off. He declines a glass of wine as he has a big climb tomorrow and then they start to discuss the aphrodisiac qualities of asparagus.
The two women place the new husband unit at the table and get rid of the old one. When they take him away, the woman kisses him and removes his ring and the other two women take him away. She places the ring onto the new husband unit's finger and turns him on. He seems exactly the same as the old husband unit but then mentions something about food turning him on and she looks excited.
She kisses her old husband goodbye and takes off his wedding ring, and puts it on the new robot husband. She and her new husband then sit back at the dining table and continue the dinner. She asks him if he wants a wine. He replies no because I have climbing tomorrow. Then he eats some asparagus and says that people say it is a aphrodisiac. She asks who says this and he says I don;t know, I am just repeating.  
The man finishes putting the napkin down. The woman asks if he wants a glass of wine, he says no he has a climb tomorrow. She gives him a look and he takes a bite. He says that the asparagus is tender to which she smiles. He takes another bite making a comment and she asks who does, to which he replies he doesn't know. 
The lady was having a meal with the new robotic guy 
she is having dinner with her new robot and she likes him
The woman turns on her new robot boyfriend. He refuses her offer to drink since he has a big climb tomorrow, but mentions that asparagus is an aphrodisiac, to the woman's happiness.
she is having dinner at the table wit the new model. They are having the same meal as before and the exact same conversations are occuring
