The woman puts a bluetooth device in her ear and dials the number for the robotics company. She gets through to technical support. The person asks how they can help and the woman says she is not satisifed with the model she has. She briefly glances down at a picture of her wedding and says her model lacks ambition. The person on the phone agrees and says this is a common issue with the model 100 that the woman appears to have. 
The girl calls the company where she ordered the robot from, she looks at the picture of her and her robot boyfriend while she's on the call. She tells the customer care agent, that the robot lacks ambition and has no sense of adventure to which the agent replies that's a common malfunction 
After the woman switches off her robot unit, she sits in front of her laptop browsing other Prometeus Robotics models. She appears to like one of them and places a call which is answered by Rachel, a customer satisfaction agent. The woman complains that her model 100 unit is lazy and lacks ambition. Rachel responds that that is a common complaint with model 100. 
the woman makes a call to the robotics company, she tells them that she is dissatisfied with her current model. the company ask what the problem is, and she says that the 100 series lacks ambition - the company says this is a common thing.
The woman turns off the man via a switch on his neck and we learn he is a robot. He slumps down. The woman looks on the website for different models of men. She calls the helpline to report that her man is malfunctioning. He is not ambitious enough.
After the woman turns off the robotic man, she goes over to her computer and starts looking at the website showing all the different possible robotic men that can be ordered. She then calls the customer support and begins talking to the woman on the other end. She said that she is not satisfied with her current model.
The woman adjusts her earpiece and phones the technical support department for the robotics company. The woman who answers asks what she can help with and the caller says she's having problems with her current model. The operator asks what the model is and what the problem is and the caller replies that it's the 100 series and that it lacks ambition and has no sense of adventure. The operator replies that this is a common malfunction of this model. 
She calls the robotic company and wants a new model because she says this model lacks ambition which the operator says is common problem with this particular robotic model.
The woman deactivates the boyfriend robot putting himself into sleep mode. She logs into the companies website to find a telephone number and calls the support. She expresses her frustration regarding the robots ambition to the support staff
She calls up the human robot support line complaining about her model robot. The support person asks her what the problem is and she tells her that he lacks ambition and has no sense of adventure. The support person says that's common with the 100 series.
The woman sits back down on her own and looks disappointedly at the robot. She put an earpiece in and phones the company to complain that he lacks ambition and spontaneity and is told that this is a common complaint in that particular model
The woman rings the hotline for the robot company using her computer. She tells the customer service that the robot lacks ambition and adventure. They respind by saying this is a common issue.
After looking at the website she calls the 800 number and speaks with an operator. The operator asks how she can help. She tells the operator that she is unhappy with her model. The operator asks what model she has and she says, the 100 series. The operator asks what she is not happy about. She tells the operator 'he lacks ambition and isn't adventurous enough.' The operator says, 'Yes that is a common problem.' 
The lady calls the technical support number from the website. She speaks to another lady, and tells her that she is unhappy with her current robot partner. She tells her that the robot lacked ambition, and the customer support lady tells her that that is a common complaint for that model of robot.
The woman calls an 800 number and it's a customer support line. She tells the operator that she is dissatisfied with her current unit. The operator asks what model she has, and she says the 100 series. The operator asks what the problem is, and she says that the unit lacks ambition and a sense of adventure. The operator says that's a common malfunction of that series.
The woman calls a phone number and complains about the robot she has. The model 100 lacks ambitions. The woman's voice on the other end of the line says yes that is a common complaint about the model 100. 
OK so she goes on line to view the website of the robot provider and then rings up to complain that he lacks ambition which she is told is a common problem with the 1000 series which she has
The lady whilst hugging her husband starts caressing him and then we discover he is a robot! She switches him off and chooses another model of robot android.nShe calls the company who supplies the robots and complains that she is not happy with this model as it lacks ambition.
The woman browses the robotics website where we presume she ordered her robotic boyfriend. She finds a different model she likes, and calls the customer support line to talk. She says her robot lacks ambition and has no sense of adventure, and the woman on the phone replies and says its a common malfunction of that series of robot.
The girlfriend, looks at a new robot model and it turns out that the current robot that she just turned off shes actually married to. When shes speaking to the customer service person of the robotics company she calls him a 100 series and it turns out that they have malfunctions with ambition
She calls the robotics company and says she's not happy with her current model - the man at the table. They ask her what model she has and it's an older one than is currently available, the person on the phone asks what's wrong with the unit and the woman replies he has no ambition and the robotics company representative says it's a common malfunction. The woman looks at the man at the table and also one of their wedding photos in a frame.
Now that it has been revealed the girlfriend's boyfriend is a robot, we see her complete the call to the boyfriend robot company to complain about her current model. She says that her boyfriend lacks ambition and a sense of adventure and the rep on the other line assures her that this a common malfunction. We also see that this woman married her current model.
The women turned the switch on the back of the mans neck to the off position and he went imp and lifeless. The women then went back to her seat and put her foot on the table looking fed up. She then went to a laptop and opened it up on a page showing robotic boyfriends she could choose from. She saw one she liked which was different to the robotic boyfriend at the table and called the number on the website. A voice answered and offered tech support. The woman complained that she was unhappy with her unit meaning her mechanical boyfriend who is the 100 series. She complained he was lacking in ambition and didn't have any sense of adventure and the voice on the end of the helpline said that this was a common malfunction found on the 100 series.
The woman calls the number for the AI company, looking to replace her old robot (The man), She looks back at the mac at the model of the robot she would like, as she is not satisfied with her current one. A woman answer the phone and asks what the issue is, she says she is not sattisfied with the one she has, saying it lacks ambition. The woman on the phone says that is a common issue with the model 100, the one she has currently. 
After the hugging with the husband, she tried to switch on something on her husband back view neck, seems like a robotic switch and she sat her husband on a sit and said HAPPY ANIVERSARY. So she then called a customer services and making a complain
She phones the supplier of the robot and discusses the lack of ambition and adventure of her existing model. The operator grees that the model she has does suffer from these issues
The boyfriend' was actually a robot the woman bought off a website. She goes to the website to look for a new robot. She then calls the company to express her displeasure with her current robot, citing the robot's lack of adventure and ambition.
She call the company she has purchased her robotic partner from and says she's dissatisfied with the unit. The operator asks what the issue is and she responds that he lacks ambition and adventure and the woman on the phone agrees that is a common issue that that model series. 
She sits on his lap, and hugs him. She whispers that she didn't mean what she said. He continues to look expressionless as she holds and caresses' him. Her hand reaches the back of his neck, where a switch is found. She pushes the switch, and the man slumps over, turned off. He is a robot! She goes on her computer, and finds the company from whom she bought the robot. She dials the 0888-800-800 number, and speaks to a representative, and tells them she is unsatisfied with her current model. When asked which model, she says the 100 series. When sked what's wrong, she reponds that he is unambitious. The support rep says that that's a common complaint for this model.
the woman calls technical support because she is unsatisfied with her robot husband, she explains to the support person that the husband has not ambition or since of adventure. the support person says that this is a common malfunction
