A man and a woman are having dinner the woman stands up and gets the wine so she  can pour some for the man but he refuses 
a couple are having dinner, the lady goes to pour the man a drink but he refuses
A man and a woman are eating a meal seated at either end of a long table. The table has candles and crockery on it and a bottle of wine. There are close ups of the two people eating but they don't look at each other and they don't speak to each other. The woman gets up from her seat, picks up a bottle of wine and goes to fill the man's glass. He puts his hand over the glass and says 'not for me dear'
The opening scene cut to a man and woman (either married or in a relationship) sitting at opposite ends of a dinner table. The camera would cut to a close-up of each one of their faces, indicating a tense environment. The female glanced at him and stood up and grabbed some wine to take over to him and fill his glass, but as she went to pour he put his hand over the glass and said not for me dear. 
a man and women are sat opposite each other at the table eating dinner,neither of them are talking,the women then gets up and offers her boyfriend some wine which he then refuses
A lady and a man were sat at the table, one of them at each end. They were in total silence, not even looking at each other as they ate their food. The lady got up and grabbed the bottle of wine, she took it to the other end of the table where the man was sitting. As she went to pour wine into his glass he put his hand over it and said, not for me dear.
We see a couple seated at opposite ends of a dining room table eating dinner. We hear cutlery clacking, see them chewing, hear them chewing, and rather pointedly do NOT hear them talking. The woman realizes her boyfriend is low on wine, and gets up to serve him more wine. He puts his hand over the glass and says, without looking at her, Not for me dear.
The camera angle comes from behind a man's ahead and we see he is sat opposite a woman, a long table in between them. There is food on the table and the table is candlelit. The man and the woman both eat in silence, both avoiding eye contact with one another and look down at the food they are eating. They both look quite unhappy. The woman stands from her seat and walks round the table to pour wine from a bottle into the man's glass. He covers his glass with his hand, preventing her from pouring and says 'None for me thanks'
The boyfriend and his girlfriend are having dinner at a very long dining table. They are both silent while eating but the girlfriend is watching him eat while he looks down. Then she gets up to serve him some wine and he says not for me, dear while closing the wine glass with his hand.
Their is a couple sitting oposite ends of a table from each other and both are eating a meal, the female gets up and walks towards her boyfriends and tries to fill his glass with wine but he puts his hand over the glass and says not for me dear
There are two people, a man and woman, who seem to be a couple, enjoying a nice dinner at what seems to be their home apartment. The man is eating determinedly and the woman looks very bored annoyed. They do not talk throughout the meal. At the end, the woman gets up to pour some more white wine for the man, but he puts his hand over his glass and says he does not want any. 
The man and woman are sat at opposite ends of the dining table, eating. There is no talking just the sound of cutlery as they eat. The woman gets up grabs the bottle of wine and attempts to pour the man a glass, he puts his hand over the glass and says not for me dear
A man and a woman are having dinner at a long dining table. She is wearing a black dress and the man is wearing a shirt. In the clip, we see close-ups of them eating food. At one point, the lady gets up and grabs the wine to fill up his cup. However, he covers the the wine cup and says he doesn't want it. 
the man and woman are sitting at opposite ends of the table eating dinnere. they both seem unhappy and not knowing what to say. the woman stands and walks towards the man. she picks up the bottle of wine and goes to top up the ans glass. he says not for me.
High maintenance appears on the screen. The boyfriend and girlfriend are then seen eating fancy dinner at the table. The girlfriend then comes over with a wine bottle to pour more for the boyfriend
There is a man and a woman that look's like they both on a date out. Both are eating, she picked up bottle to pour into the mans glass and says not for me dear.
A lady and a man are having a cooked meal together in a house, the lady gets up to offer the man a refill of his drink which looks to be fine. He says not for me dear and puts his hand over his glass.
The scene is called the Boyfriend-  High Maintenance. A couple are sat having dinner on opposite sides of a long dining table eat eating, the girlfriend gets up and walk over to the boyfriend to pour him some wine from a bottle she has picked up from the table to which he puts his hand over the top of the glass and states not for me dear
There was a man and a woman at the table having dinner. The woman then stood up, took the wine bottle about to pour some for the man bt the man said Not for me dear.
there is a couple sitting eating dinner in silence, the female keeps glancing up at the man then eventually gets up lifts the wine to try pour a glass for the man, he covers his glass and says not for me dear
the couple was having a rather very silent and awkward dinner and after a few moments of chewing sounds and clinking plates, the lady decided that maybe her man needs more wine, so she stood and went to pour some wine for the man but that man decline the wine before she could pour a single drop. pretty sad
A couple are eating a meal in their house. They are sitting at opposite end of a long table and concentrating on eating. The woman gets up and picks up a bottle of wine to pour into the man's glass but he stops her by covering his glass and saying no.
A well to do couple are dining at opposite endos of a long table. They look well to do and it is a privileged environment. Man seems to be making a lot of noise while eating clunking cutlery etc. much to the irritation of his female diner. The female diner stands, and grabs the bottle of wine while walking to the table end of her male dining companion. She tries to top his wine up but he declines blocking the top of his wine glass with his open hand.
A man and a woman are eating dinner. The man is very concentrated in eating his meal. The woman stands up, grabs a bottle of wine to pour into his empty glass, and he does not want any.
A couple are sitting at either end of a long dining table. Lovely food and wine is being consumed with candles lit on the table. There was not much talking going on. 
Title card saying high maintenance. Scene opens with a man and woman eating dinner and the sound of their knife and fork hitting the plate. They continue to eat, with the woman looking at the man, but he doesn't look back. They take another bite, and the woman gets to pour some wine but he replies, None for me, thanks.
The guy and a lady were eating at the dinner table and the lady stood up and took a wine. She wanted to pour the wine for the guy but the guy rejected it
a man and woman are eating dinner together silently
The couple are sitting at opposite ends of the table. The girl gets up and tries to pour white wine for her boyfriend, but he covers his glass with his hand and says not for me, dear.
A man and women are having dinner at opposite ends of a candlelit table, they are eating in silence. The man is cutting his food and the woman gets up to pour the man some wine but he puts his hand over his glass and says ...not for me dear.
