Two company workers bring in the new model robot and take the old one away.  The woman seems to feel a little sad about the old one going, so she asks the workers to wait, whilst she gives him a kiss goodbye and takes his wedding ring back.
She is overwhelmed with the new until but has some regret and takes the wedding ring off the first droid as they are wheeling him away, along with giving him a goodbye kiss. 
The woman answers the front door to the delivery of her new model robot. As she watches the two female movers take her old model away, she is sad. As sad music plays in the background, she takes the wedding ring off of her old model robot and then places it onto her new model robot. 
the new robot man turns up  and the helpers take the old one away but the women gives him a kiss one last time and takes of his ring 
People from the robot company came to the door with the new model, he is blonde and has a beard. nnThe people is moving the old unit out of the apartment and the woman says wait and she gives it a kiss. Then she removes a wedding band from his left hand and puts it in the new model's finger. 
She ended up telling the customer service agent she was dissatisfied with her current unit and wanted. anew one. She wanted one that was less sterile and more adventurous. Then there was a knock on her front door and when she opened it, two women were removing packaging on what appeared to be another robot man.
when the new model comes and they take the old one into the elevator. she rushes and gives the robot a final kiss and removes the weeding ring and put it on the other models finger
The woman told the delivery people to wait. She kissed her old boyfriend robot and removed a ring from his finger. She placed the ring somewhere else.
The woman watches as the delivery ladies take her old model away. She then asks them to wait, walks towards them and kisses her model. Lastly, she takes the wedding band off of the model's finger and puts it on her new model's finger.
Whilst the delivery women are taking her previous boyfriend robot model back with them, she looks back at them and tells them to wait and she kisses the boyfriend on his lips and takes back the ring from his finger and puts it on the new boyfriend (the blond one).
The new model is unwrapped and she looks pleased. The older model boyfriend is packaged up and taken away by the company. The woman runs after him and gives him a quick kiss, while taking his wedding ring off him.
After dropping off the new boyfriend robot, the two delivery women started wheeling away the old one. The girlfriend asked them to wait in the lift, and gave him a quick kiss on the cheek before taking the wedding ring off of his finger and placing it on the new model.
As her new robotic boyfriend arrives, the woman looked very sad when her old boyfriend was being taken away. She rushed to him one last time and kissed him on the lips. She follows that by taking off his ring and putting it to her new boyfriend body.
The new robot husband is delivered. She kisses the old one goodbye and removes his wedding ring and puts it on to the new robot.
The girl is seen sitting in front of her window still talking on the phone with the robotics phone assistance and was describing what she wants in her upgraded version. She mentioned she wants him to be a rock climber and a masseuse with a five o'clock shadow and so on. The scene fades out of her describing her new model and it fades back in with her doorbell being rung. She opens the door and there are two robotic delivery people at her doorstep delivering her the new model she ordered. They take the plastic off his head to reveal a different looking man than her husband. Then the two delivery people were seen loading up the elevator with the old version. The one of her husband. She looks a bit sad as she asks them to hold on. She went up to her robotic husband who is still turned off and gave him a kiss on the lips and takes his ring off his finger.
While they are delivering the new model and taking the old model out, she seems sad to see him go. She asks the delivery woman to wait and proceeds to give the old model a kiss and remove the ring from his finder and put it on a different finger.
The women stares at the new unit. In the back the workers are hauling away her old unit the boyfriend. The women turns around and stares at the unit in the elevator with the workers. She tells them to wait and she goes up to the old unit and kisses him goodbye. She takes the ring off of his finger before putting it on the new unit. 
After the new model arrives, the old boyfriend is wheeled away by delivery drivers. The lady ask them to wait and kisses the old boyfriend one last time. She removes a ring from his finger and places it on the new boyfriend robot she just purchased.
The girlfriend takes delivery of the new model, which has been delivered by two female operatives via the lift. He is unpacked and sits at the dining table, but not switched on yet.  The old boyfriend is packed and strapped onto an upright wheeled cart and wheeled towards the exit.  The girlfriend asks the females to stop, and she removes his gold wedding ring from his ring finger and puts it onto another finger.
The woman watches as the two delivery girls wheel away the old robot (her ex!). The delivery girls get to the door and the woman then shouts oh, wait. The woman runs over to her ex and kisses him on the lips and then takes off his ring (wedding ring?)
The lady's old robot is being wheeled away by the delivery people after they've delivered the new model. She asks them to wait, kisses his lips and slips his wedding ring off. She then puts the wedding ring on the new model.
Oh dear, the sporty model arrived, which she gazed at, somewhat longingly, with Hunger in her eyes, as they unwrapped him, 100 , he got somewhat unharmoniously wheeled out on a trolley, which I thought was harsh but .... He's only Ai...,right? She did tell them to wait , gave him a little kiss, farewell, sweet, then reclaimed the wedding ring..put it on her new 'toy' boy
So as she stared at the new one at the door entrance with the two delivery women in there, he looked quite similar to the old one and I think she recognised that. The two women delivered him to the same chair and took the old one away uncovered. He was basically lying there like a bit of cargo on a slate as they wheeled him out. She shouted at them to wait, took his and and then removed the wedding ring. The scene stopped where she looked at her new man still wrapped in plastic apart from his head and upper torso, sitting on the same chair the other one had been on and put the ring on him. Oh gosh! 
Her new robot is delivered. She watches two female delivery drivers take him out of the package. She then watches her old husband robot being taken away on a dolly, and stops them before they leave with the old robot. She then kisses the old husband robot and slips a ring on his finger. 
The new robot is dropped off and the old one is taken away.  She gives the old robot a last kiss and removes a wedding ring from his finger (the robot did not seem to be active).
The delivery company removes the 100 series inactive model. The woman stops them for a moment, she goes to the inactive robot, kiss him on the lips then removes the wedding ring from his finger. She appears to place the wedding ring on the finger of the new robot model.
She sees the new husband robot and she is into him. When they start taking the old husband away, she stops them, kisses him and takes his wedding ring off and then puts it on to the new husband's finger.
The Prometeus (spelling?) techs arrive to deliver the new slightly bearded sportier robot and to remove the old model. As they are wheeling the old model out of the door the woman tells them to wait. She kisses the robot man goodbye and moves the wedding ring from his left to his right hand.
After the new version of the robot boyfriend has been brought over by 2 women couriers, the old one is tied to a table and wheeled out, she asked to stop for a minute before he was taken away and kisses him and the she removes the ring from his finger to put onto the new boyfriends finger
The brought in the new unit. The movers then wheeled out the old unit. The woman approached the old unit, kissed it on the lips, and then removed the wedding ring from its finger before putting the ring on the finger of the new unit.
