The new robot stands up and goes to stand behind the woman. He starts massaging her shoulders and asks her how her day was. The woman begins to answer saying she picked up some stuff for dinner and had a light lunch with Anna. Throughout this the woman seems to have difficulty concentrating as the man continues to massage her back and shoulders. 
The new robot gets up from his chair, walks up to the girl, stands behind her and asks her about her day. He slowly massages her shoulders while she talks about her day, she talks about meeting her friend, i think her friend's name is Anna or something
After making a remark about the asparagus being an aphrodisiac, the new robotic unit makes his way over to stand behind her chair, asking how her day was. She seems surprised by this and answers that she went into town to pick up some stuff for tonight. As she's talking, the new unit begins to massage her shoulders, which she appears to be really enjoying.
the new man makes the comment about asparagus, and then gets up and stands behind the woman. he asks about her day, while massaging her shoulders. she is enjoying the attention and tells him about going for a late lunch with Anna
The woman talks to the man at the table. He seems to be like her in that he says the same things as her about the asparagus. He starts to massage her neck and ask her about her day. She seems happy to tell him this.
The new robotic man goes over the woman and starts rubbing her shoulders. He asks her to tell him about her day. She tells him some details of her day, including getting lunch with Anna. She seems startled at first, but then content with the interaction.
The man replies, It's just what people say. Then he walks to her and puts his hands on her shoulder as he asks her to tell him about her day. She says she went into town to pick up some stuff for tonight, followed by a light lunch with Anna. He then asks, Then what?
The new robot says the asparagus is aphrodisiac and starts to move over to her and massage her shoulders, he asks about her day and she says she met her friends and went for a light lunch whilst he continues to massage her.
The robot repeats things that she had previously said to the old robot. He declines the drink offer as he has a climb tomorrow. He then gets up and asks her questions whilst rubbing her body.
The new robot gets up from the table and walks up behind her. He starts massaging her shoulders and asks her about her day. She tells him she went into to town to pick up some things for tonight and that she had lunch with Anna. She looks pretty relaxed and happy.
The robot gets up and stands behind the woman and asks her how her day has been and what she did while gently massaging her shoulders. The woman looks surprised and smiles and recounts going out for lunch with her friend Anna
The robot gets up and asks the woman what did she do today and gives her a massage. The woman tells him she went into town and had lunch with anna. 
Paul stands up from the dinner table and comes over to her. He asks about her day and rubs her shoulders. She tells him that she went out to pick up things for their evening meal and she went for a light lunch with Anna. He 'And then asks and then what?' She seemed pleased with being touched and asked about her day. 
The woman asks if he wants a glass of wine but he says no as he has a big climb tomorrow. He says that the asparagus is tender and tells her that it is an aphrodisiac. The next things he says about that are exactly what she said to the last robot earlier. He gets up and walks behind her. He starts massaging her shoulders and asking about her day. She looks uncomfortable with this. 
He walks over and starts giving her a shoulder massage while asking about her day. She mentions she went to the store for items for the dinner and had lunch with Anna. She is clearly enjoying the massage.
The new robot gets up from his chair and moves behind the woman. He begins massaging her shoulders. He ask her how was her day. She tells him she bought some stuff for dinner and had a light lunch with Anna. She as a look of pleasure on her face.
The new android gets up and goes round and starts to give her a neck massage while asking her how was your day
the new robot is switched on and appears to be the same as the original, but then it appears it is more creative and starts to massage the lady. She enjoys this greatly.
The new robot boyfriend seems to be... repeating the same conversation the woman had before with the old one. A sense of unease is there. He stands up, massaging her shoulders and asks her about her day. 
the new robot gets up and walks over to the woman, he starts to massage her and ask her about her day, she looks like shes enjoying the massage and tells him that she went into town and met a friend for lunch 
He goes over to her and asks her about her day and starts to massage her, she's enjoying it.
After mentioning that the asparagus is an aphrodisiac, the boyfriend comes over to the girlfriend and starts rubbing her shoulders suggestively. The girlfriend appears conflicted, both expressing delight and unease. The boyfriend asks her how her day went, and she said she picked up some things for that evening and got lunch with her friend Anna.
Once the woman had turned the new boyfriend on he still refused a glass of wine when she offered and stated that the asparagus was tender but this time he offered the suggestion that it was an aphrodisiac. He then stood up and went to the other end of the dinner table and stood behind the woman who was still sitting. He began to massage her shoulders and asker her how her day had been. The woman began to describe her day but struggled to say too  much as she was clearly pleasantly surprised that he was doing this and was very much enjoying it.
The new man robot walks behind the woman and starts to massage her shoulders. He asks about her day, She tells him that she went out with someone named anna for a light lunch, he continues massaging her and asks what she did after that.
SHE kissed the robot and they took the robot away and the new robot was given a ring and she turned the new robot on. so they started eating and started some discussion, the new robot stood up and asked about her day the she started saying it
The robot gets up and goes to the girl and asks her about her day while massaraging her shoulders.
The new robot walks over to the woman and starts massaging her shoulders. There is a mixture of uneasiness and pleasure on the woman's face.
The woman turns on the new robotic partner and asks if he'd like a glass of wine. He declines and she has a moment of disappointment but he compliments the asparagus and mentions it being an aphrodisiac like she had. She asks who does like her previous partner had and the man says he doesn't know but comes over to massage her and ask her about her day. She seems pleased and possibly aroused. 
The lady is now at the table with the new robot, and looks at him as if not knowing what to expect. He clumsily knocks over a plate, amidst whirring sounds. She asks if he'd like some wine, and he says no, since he has a big client the next day, much like her previous robot. She looks disappointed. Will it be the same? He says the asparagus is very tender. She looks happy, and still wondering if it's the same behaviour. Then the new robot says, You know, they say it's an aphrodisiac. Who? People. Her eyes light up as he sucks on one.  She is getting turned on. He walks to her, and stands behind her chair, and asks how her day was, and starts to massage her neck and shoulders. She is obviously getting turned on. She says she went out, got a few things to tonight, and had a light lunch with her friend Anna.
the man finishes his sentence about asparagus being an aphrodisiac by saying that it was just something people say. he then goes over to the woman and starts rubbing her shoulders and asking about her day.nnshe appears to greatly enoy this and starts telling the man about her day
