The woman has sat down annoyed. She says to the man she doesnt want boring conversation and if she is really lucky short mechanical sex. She immediately apologises. Stands up and goes over to the man and sits on his lap and embraces him saying 'there there'. The man looks upset. 
The girl says sarcastically that this is not what she wanted for their anniversary (for him to be smoking while having dinner and short mechanical sex), which the boyfriend takes offence to, then she walks over to him apologizes by sitting on his lap, hugging him and consoling him while the boyfriend's face looks like he's about to cry
The couple is now arguing while the man smokes a cigarette at the table. The woman says that she can enjoy some passive smoke on their anniversary followed by some short, mechanical sex. At that, the man looks surprised and hurt but remains silent. She seems to realize that she's struck a nerve so she walks over to him, sits in his lap and says some words of comfort as she embraces him.
the woman is angry the man is smoking at the table and makes a comment that this is not what she wanted for their anniversary, including a cutting comment about stilted conversation and mechanical sex.nnthe man looks annoyed. she then says sorry to him and goes to sit on his lap
The girl is annoyed at the man because he is not very interested in her, she describes him as robotic. She throws her wine at him. He doesn't respond. He lights a cigarette but she stubs it out. He lights another. She verbally attacks him by saying she doesn't want smoke or mechanical sex on her anniversary. Then she looks upset and goes to him to apologize and hug him.
After the man starts smoking at the table, the woman complains about how this is their anniversary, and that all she can expect is some stilted conversation and possibly mechanical sex. The man looks hurt, so the woman goes over to him and apologizes. She is affectionate toward him. 
As the man continues to smoke, the woman says, That's exactly what I wanted for our anniversary. Some secondhand smoke, followed by stilted conversation. She adds that if she's really lucky, this all might be followed by some short, mechanical sex. The man stares expressionlessly into the distance. Suddenly the woman says, I'm sorry, and walks over to the man and hugs him, saying, There, as her arms embrace him. 
The couple are not getting on and talk about the asparagus which she says some say is an aphrodisiac. Then he lights up a cigarette and she gets furious and throws a glass of wine over him. After complaining about mechanical sex she apologises to him and goes over to hug him. The atmosphere isn't good.
A man is sat at the table smoking. They are both still arguing at each other. The woman looks annoyed as the man still won't drink and goes and embraces him after decrying the sex later will be mechanical.
She started to complain about how this isn't how she wants her anniversary to go with barely any talking and then she makes a comment about how if she's lucky she'll get some short mechanical sex tonight. He looks upset and she feels bad about her comment and goes over to him and sits on his lap. She apologizes and holds his head.
the woman is angry that the man is smoking in her house and takes the cigarette out of his mouth but he lights up another and blows the smokes towards her. She stares at him and says that passive smoke is what she had wanted for her wedding anniversary as well as stilted conversation and if she is lucky some mechanically performed sex. The man looks sad which in turn makes the woman feel sorry and she go to him and holds his head and apologises
The woman said something insulting about sex. THe man responded by being cold and withdrawn. She then decides to approach and apologise.
He is smoking his cigarette and she is pissed off. She tells him to go ahead and smoke on their anniversary and they can follow up it with some 'short mechanical sex.' He gives her a hurt look. She apologizes and goes over to her saying she is sorry. She sits on his lap and embraces him saying, 'There.'
The woman is sarcastic and says that she is happy to have secondhand smoke for her anniversary, followed by bad sex. He glares at her. She says sorry and goes over to him.
She is berating him and insults his sexual prowess. He is clearly hurt by the comment, and she realizes it. She walks over, sits in his lap to hug him, and apologizes.
The woman is complaining about their anniversary. She tells him they will have some mechanical sex. She says she is sorry and gets up from her chair. She goes over to him and sits in this lap. He has a sort of blank stare.
It is apparently her anniversary and she is not happy with him. He lights a cigarette which is not allowed in her house. She is not happy and talks about mechanical sex but is the sorry and goes and sits on his lap.
The lady is angry and throws wine over her boyfriend. She claims he is a computer analyst and not a surgeon.nThe man lights up a cigarette and the lady is furious.nThe lady then insults the man about his sexual prowess.nShe later apologies and hugs him.
The woman complains that her anniversary is not what she expected. The man says nothing, just looks regretful and sullen. She says she is sorry and hugs him. 
The girlfriend lashes out at the boyfriend saying how they would have stilted conversation and if she was lucky, short mechanical sex. The boyfriend looks hurt by this and the girlfriend looks like she felt bad about what she said. She went over to him and hugged him
She makes a disparaging comment about their sex life and the man is instantly hurt. He stiffens and says nothing. She can tell she's hurt a nerve and apologises before going to embrace him. 
The argument between the boyfriend and the girlfriend continues, but the boyfriend seems to want to resist in engaging. However, the boyfriend does continue to smoke, despite the girlfriend's earlier protests. The girlfriend is still highly agitated, and makes a remark about how, if she's lucky, she'll get some short mechanical sex on their anniversary. The boyfriend seems stunned and hurt by this, and due to his reaction, the girlfriend backs down. She walks over to him and sits on his lap, apologizing for her meanness. 
The man lit the second cigarette and smoked it at the table. The women sat back down after stubbing out his first cigarette and shouted at him about passive smoke. The man asked the woman how her day was and she flipped. She threw her drink at him and complained that her evening was rubbish, the conversation was stilted and would not doubt end with rubbish mechanical sex. She shouted at him for not drinking with her saying he was a computer programmer and not a surgeon. Then she felt bad and went over and say on his lap and kissed him.
The woman got upset, complaining further about the man smoking in the her house. The woman, disappointed by the evening was going said 'If she is really lucky, she'll get some short mechanical sex', letting the anger get the better of her. The man, in reaction to this comment looked at her, his face dropping and becoming sad, like her words hurt him. She apologised and walked over to him, sitting on his lap facing him, hugging him.
a couple was having a discussion, and due to slight misunderstanding, the conversation escalated. in the midst of their task, the woman poured a drink on her husband' face. however, they continued their conversation, and the lady later apologized. The husband then took out a cigarette and began smoking, but the woman asked him not to smoke in the house. she took the smoke  and extinguished it. Despite this, the husband lit up another cigarette. Eventually, the lady sat on her husband's lap and hugged him.
Having thrown wine over him, he starts to smoke and she takes away the first cigarette and the then lites another. She is so angry she comes out with If I am lucky I will get some short mechanical sex but she imediately regrets what she has said and says sorry and goes and sits on his lap.
The girlfriend made fun of the boyfriend's sexual performance in bed. The boyfriend looked visibly stung by that criticism. The girlfriend notices and goes over to comfort him.
The woman is still angry and says it's her anniversary and all she'll get is stilted conversation and short, mechanical sex. The man looks at her startled, perhaps hurt, and she says she's sorry and goes and embraces him. 
The woman apologizes. But complains that his computer animation is not as important as their anniversary, and says he is not a surgeon. He lights a cigarette. She is indignant, saying oh no, you're not going to smoke in my house. She walks over, grabs the lit cigarette, and extinguishes it in a sink. She looks over, and sees he has lit another cigarette. He says the asparagus is very tender. Her eyes widen, and she mentions that they say it's an aphrodisiac. He asks who says. She says some people. She looks frustrated, and says she should have expected such a bad anniversary celebration, with poor communication, and it she's luck maybe some unsatisfying sex after.
the two are very angry at each other after the woman threw wine in the mans face he lights up a cigarette and this angers her so she makes a snide coment about his love making skills, seeing this has upset him she apologizes and gives him a hug
