Oh my god! He started massaging her neck, she was loving it, and then he stiched her off! Her head flopped forward and he went to sit on the couch, lit a smoke and switched the TV on.
Robot boyfriend has flicked off the robot girlfriend, and he immediately heads to the lounge, sinks into an armchair, lights up a cigarette, puts his feet on the coffee table and switches on the tv. Its a sports channel.  He stares blankly at the screen smoking his cigarette.
Having shut the woman off, the male robot lights a cigarette and sits on the sofa to watch television. 
After the male robot switches off his female robot girlfriend, he then proceeds to take the bottle of wine, moves to the couch, switches on the TV and lights up a smoke while watching tv
The husband gets up goes over to the wife asks her how her day was, as he does he massages her shoulders, she said she had gone into town and met a friend, shortly after this her massages her neck and then you see a switch we he switches off, and she stops working. He goes over to an armchair lights a cigarette and starts watching television.
The lady's dining partner gets up from the table and massages her neck and shoulders and ask her about her day.  She begins to tell him when, all of a sudden he switches her off and he goes to a comfy chair and watches tv and has a cigarette.
The new robot man repeats her line about the asparagus being an aphrodisiac, seeming like hes the same person. He gets up and walks over behind the wife and asks her how her day was. He begins massaging her neck for a few moments, the woman falls asleep, it pans behind her neck and she has a switch too, they were both robots. The man walks over to the sofa and sits down then lights a cigarette and watches TV in silence.
He walks away from the table leaving the lady (robot) head slumped down . He moves to a settee   chaise long where he puts his feet up , lights up a cigarette and begins smoking , switching the TV on . He is watching a sporting event with loud crowd noises.
Turns out that the woman is also a robot, and the man turn off her brain stem and watches the sports on the TV.
He walks over and massages her.  Talks to her.  Then he switches her off.  She powers down.  He strikes a cigarette, goes over to the couch and watches the game with a beer.   
He turned her off and walked over and smoke a cigarette and watched tv. 
The new male robot comments that asparagus is an aphrodisiac. He then walks behind the woman who is still sitting in her original chair, and massages her shoulders from behind whilst asking her about her day. The woman talks about how she is in town and treated herself because it was her anniversary. But at this stage the male robot appears to flick a switch on the back of the woman's neck and she is switched off, her head looking down. The male robot then sits down on a sofa, switches on the tv, puts his feet on a stool, and lights a cigarette.
after he turns her off he goes to the couch, lights up a cigarette and starts watching tv
After he turns her switch off, he walks over and starts watching sports on the sofa, smoking a cigarette
The man put his feet up started smoking and watching tv 
The lady is also revealed to be a robot and is slumped forward as the male robot has just switched her into the off position. The male robot sits down on the sofa, starts smoking a cigarette and drinking a beer and watching football. There is a close up on his face.
The woman is now powered down. The man robot walks over to a seat and sits down. He turned on the tv and starts smoking a cigarette. You can hear some kind of loud sports on the tv while the camera pans tightly on the man robots face as he blankly stares at the tv.
While massaging the womans shoulders the man flicks a switch at the back of the womans neck and she powers off. The man then sits down on the sofa smoking a cigarette and holding a bottle of beer. He turns on the TV and starts watching it. The TV is loud and it sounds like he is watching sports, but we are not shown the TV screen so we don't know what he is watching.
The male android had been massaging the woman's shoulders and asking about her day; after a few moments of this I was shocked to see that she had an 'off switch' too - she was also an android! The man flicked the off switch on the woman, who powered down. He then took the bottle of wine from the table, sat down in the lounge area opposite the now powered-off woman, put his feet up on a footstool, turned the TV on and started smoking a cigarette! I was not expecting that twist!
he then pierced her with a sharp object picked a cigarettes' and started watching football
The male robot walks over to the female character and starts giving her a shoulder rub while asking about the female characters day.nThe female character begins to talk about her day.nThe male character reaches behind her neck and flips a switch.nThe female slumps over and is a robot.nThe male robot lights a cigarette, opens a beer, and sits down to watch sports.
The new boyfriend turned the girl off! She was a robot all along. then he went over to the couch to smock a cigarette and watch the game.
it turns out the woman is also a robot and the man shut her off so he could watch sports
The woman is revealed to also be an android, as she is turned off by the new android boyfriend. He then moves over to the TV, lighting a cigarette, and starts casually watching the TV. 
after switching off the womans switch on the back of her neck and learning she is also a robot the man sits on a chair with his feet up smoking a cigarette while watching tv
The man switches off the woman. It turns out that she's a robot too. He goes to the couch to watch TV, while smoking a cigarette.
The man switches the women off and then she shuts down it turns out she is also a robot. The man then sits on the couch puts his feet up and watches some sports on tv. He also smokes a cigarette.
This time it was the man who turned off the switch on the woman. After she powered down he light a cigarette and went to watch TV.
She starts speaking back and suddenly it becomes evident that she is a robot. nHe switches her off and goes to smoke a cigarette.
after switching his wife off he sat down put his feet up lit up a cigarette grabbed the tv remote and put on the football  
