The woman feels remorse and comes over and straddles the man and runs her fingers through his hair while embracing him.  She moves her hand down to his neck and we see that there is a button implanted into his neck and she slides the button down and the man becomes limp and inactive leading us to believe that he was a robot.  The lady goes back to her seat and kicks off her shoes while sighing and puts them up on the table.
As the woman is embracing the man she caresses the back of his neck. There is a mechanical switch at the back of his neck which she flicks and the man shuts down or falls asleep. The woman returns to her seat and puts her feet up on the table and gives a sigh of boredom.
It appears that the man is actually a robot, the couple were cuddling and the woman pressed a switch which seemed to turn him off.
The woman apologizes, saying I'm sorry, I didn't mean what I said. as the man blankly stares. She then reveals a switch on the back of his neck that she switches off and the man falls asleep or powers down.
The woman sits in her boyfriends lap, saying she is very sorry and that she didn't mean what she said. She starts caressing his head when the camera focuses on a switch on the back of his neck. She then turns him off, and he immediately powers down. She returns to her chair and puts her legs up on the table and sighs.
She then runs her fingers down the back of his neck where it shows what looks like a switch. She switches the switch and the mans head bows as if he is being shut down and the noise of shutting. She then gets up goes to her previous chair, sits down and then puts both feet on the table. 
She sat on the guys lap and ran her hands down his neck. Apparently the guy is some sort of android and she flips his switch and shuts him down. She returns back to her seat and kicks her legs up. 
He is a computer! She sat on his lap, trailed her hand down his neck and turned him off by the switch! Now she's sitting back in her seat, feet on the table
So apparently the guy is a robot with a switch on the back of his neck. The guy was getting anxious and pulled out a cigarette. She got mad at him about it and he lit it anyways. She yelled at him, and then apologized after seeing he was upset. She sat on his lap, hugged him, said sorry and then flipped the switch off. She walked back to her seat, took her shoes off, and sat down. 
The girlfriend puts her hand on the back of the boyfriend's neck and pushes his collar down, to reveal a switch on the back of his neck. She pushes it down, which powers down the boyfriend (revealing that he is a robot). She then sits back down in her original seat at the other end of the table and puts her feet on the table.
The lady rubbed his neck until the collar of her boyfriend's shirt went down.Her boyfriend is a robot and had a switch-off button, so she switched it off, and he kind of fell.She then went back to her seat after she took off her shoes.She glared at him.
She apologizes and walks to his side of the table and sits in his lap. She then begins rubbing the back of his head, down to the collar of his shirt where an off on switch can be seen. She flicks the tab down to the off position and he slumps in her hands. She then stands up, walks back to her side of the table and puts her feet on the table while crossing her legs and looking down the table towards him.
As the woman is sitting on the mans lap apologizing, she reaches around the back of his head where there is a switch on the back of his neck and switches a switch back there to the off position.
The boyfriend turned out to be a robot, and there was a switch on the back of his neck which the lady used to turn him off.
When the girlfriend goes up to her boyfriend to apologise for being rude, she sits on his lap and reaches around the back of his neck. There is a switch on the back of his neck which she switches off and the boyfriend , which is clearly a robot, stops functioning, then the girlfriend goes back to her chair and put her feet on the table and sighs. 
As she is sitting on his lap, she caresses his neck and goes further down where a button is revealed. She turns the buton off and the person is now lifeless revealing that it's a robot. 
Well as she proceeded to sit in his lap and apologize we find out that there is a switch on the back of his neck. So she just decides to turn him off.
The woman gradually runs her hand down the back of the man's head. She runs her hands down to the collar, and reveals a switch on the man's neck. She then turns the man off at the switch and he slumps into her arms. She lets him slump at the table, returns to her seat and puts her feet up on the dining table.
The woman turns the man off. He is literally a robot. She sits down and chills out.
She holds the man and caresses his hair, revealing a switch on the back of his neck. She turns the switch down and the man goes flaccid and loses all muscular tone, turning off. She sits back down, takes her shoes off and puts her feet on the table.
We find out that the man is a literal robot as she flicks the switch off behind his head. She is clearly unhappy with the situation and wishes she was with a human man.
After the man lights up a cigarette the woman chastises him for smoking in her place and grabs the lit cigarette from his move and stubs it out in an ashtray the man then immediately lights up another cigarette and then the woman complains about passive smoke and complains about their boring conversations and mentions if she is lucky she will also get some short mechanical sex on their anniversary. This clearly upset the man and she then apologises and sits on his lap and then reaches round to the back of his neck where there is an switch embedded and she flicks the switch and the man android becomes motionless like he has been powered down. 
She's sitting on his lap, and apologizes for what she said. They sit embracing for a moment, before she slips her hand around to the back of his neck and switches him off. This reveals to us that he is some kind of robot, and he slumps forward as if unconscious. She gets up and returns to her end of the table, kicking off her shoes and putting her feet up on the table.
She switces from being mad to being apologetic and when she goes to him to apologize. She sits on his lap while apologizing for saying the things she did, and moves in close to hug him. During the act of affection, she slowly slides her hand to the back of his neck and flips hin on off switch. She then stands up and gos back to her spot at the table, non-chalantly kicks her feet up on the table
She rubbed her hands down his neck and flicked a switch which powered him off, Then she walks back over to her chair, flicked her shoes off and put her feet up on the table 
The girlfriend carresses his neck, and shows a switch in the back of his neck which she switches off. The boyfriend slumps over as he powers down. She sits back in her seat at the table and puts her  legs up on the table looking at him.
the woman hugs the man and holds his head. he looks relaxed. she runs her hands around the back of his neck and finds a switch. the turns the switch to the off position. the man slumps his head and is switched off. he is a robot. she returns to her seat and puts her feet on the table.
He starts to light a cigarette she snatches it off him and stubs it out and relights another. She shouts at hi that's right just want I want for my anniversary passive smoking followed up by stilted conversation followed by some mechanical sex.  He looks upset so she apologises, walks over and sits on his lap saying she did not mean what she'd said, she then pulls the back of his collar to expose  switch which she then turns off. He closes down nad she struts back and kicks off her shoes and sits down sighing
The boyfriend was actually a robot! She was already bored with him, so she turned him off. This is why he lacked human emotions
the woman went on to seat on the mans laps and hugged him closely while she moved her hands to the back of the neck of the man to switch a bottom off which seems to control the man, guess the man is a robot and after the switch was turned the man slept off and the woman returned to her seat placing her feet on the dinning table
