The woman goes to her laptop and we find out that her boyufriend is a robot that she bought from a company called Prometheus Robotics. She calls the company and says she isn't satisfied with her current model (the 100 series).  The company agent offers to upgrade her and the woman says she'd like something a bit sportier.nn
When calling tech support, she is disappointed with the ambition and sense of adventure of her droid unit and wants an upgrade, a new sporty model. 
While on the phone with technical support, the woman claims that she is not satisfied with her current robot. She insists on upgrading to a newer sporty robot model. 
the women turns a switch at the back of the mans head turns out hes a robot but the women is not happy with him so rings the helpline to upgrade to a sporty one 
The woman calls the service line of the boyfriend robot company and asks the rep Rachel if she can change update the model. Rachel asks what the issue is with her current unit and the woman says her current model in the 100-series lacks ambition. Rachel asks the woman if she would want an upgrade to another series and the woman says yes, preferably someone who's sportier. 
She got up and apologized to him. She sat on his lap and seemed to start to hug him but ended up switching off a power switch on the back of his neck which seemed to deactivate him as if he were a robot. She then pulled up a website on a computer that seemingly advertised robot male companions and began calling their phone number.
she complains about her 100 series model says it lacks ambition and adventure and they offer her a higher model. She asks for a sportier model
The woman expressed to the agent that she is dissatisfied with her current boyfriend model. She shows interest in acquiring a different model and asks for something sportier.
The woman says to the customer service rep 'I am unsatisfied with my purchase', to which the rep asks 'Which model is it?'. The woman replies 'Its the 100 series'. When the rep asks the woman what the problem is, she replies 'It lacks ambition and has no sense of adventure'. The rep admits that that is a recurring issue with the 100 series and offers to upgrade the woman. The woman asks if she can upgrade to another model, something 'a bit sportier'.
The female character complains on the call that she is not satisfied with her current model, the 100 series, because he lacks ambition, The woman on the other side of the call replies that, that is a common problem with the 100 series and whether the female character would like to upgrade from her current model and the female character agrees
The woman is on the phone, looking at different models of boyfriend available. She tells the customer service woman, that shes not happy with her current model and that he isn't ambitious enough. The customer service woman replies that its a known problem for the 100 series, and they can upgrade it if that would make her happy. She agrees, and says shes looking for something sportier. 
The girlfriend was on the phone to Technical Support who she told that her current unit (boyfriend) was not ambitious or adventurous enough. They offered to upgrade her unit to a higher model, and she asked for something a bit sportier.
The woman called the Robotic agency to order herself a new boyfriend. When asked by the consultant what is the problem with her current boyfriend, she claims he lacks ambition and adventure. She asked the consultant if her new boyfriend could be sporty.
she is unhappy with her robot husband so phones the robotic helpline to upgrade to a sportier model
After apologizing to him about his lousy sex she sat in his lap and reached around his neck where there appeared to be a on and off switch. She turned it off and it made a nasty sound. He went limp and she went into the other room and sat down with her computer. She went onto a website that sells robotic people and made a phone call. She insists that she isn't happy with her purchase of her robotic former real husband. Apparently, he isn't outgoing enough for her and is informed that it is an issue with the 100's model. She then asks for an upgrade of a completely different robot that is not her husband. I think she's sick of him.
The woman calls the maker of her robotic partner (100 Series) and tells them that she is unhappy with the model because it has no sense of adventure. She requests a model that is sportier.
The girl is on the phone and she tells the customer service rep that she is unhappy with her current unit. The rep askes what model does she have and the girl tells her she has the 100 series. The camera focuses in on a picture of an unknown girl in a wedding dress holding a man, we don't see their faces. The girl looks at the picture and explains what's wrong with her current. She tells the rep, that he lacks ambition and no sense of adventure, the rep states that seems to be a common problem. The rep offers to upgrade the girl to a higher model. The girl askes for something that's a bit sporty. 
After it turns out that the boyfriend is a robot. The lady calls a hotline for the robot and states that she is unsatified with her current model. Tech support asks which model she has and she states that the model is the 100 series. Tech support offers an upgrade and the lady request for something more sportier 
After switching off her boyfriend the female logs into her computer, finds the technical support number and speaks to an operator via her headset.  She says she is disatisified with her current model, which is 100, as he lacks ambition and asks for something a bit sportier.
The woman puts an ear piece in to her ear and calls a robotics companies. The call gets answered by a customer service rep. The woman explains that her robot husband boyfriend is not ambitious enough. The customer rep on asks if she would like an upgrade and the woman responses with yes, do you have a sportier model?
The lady dials technical support for the robotics company and complains about her model lacking ambition. The person on the other end of the line asks which model she currently has, to which the lady replies The 100 model, the person on the phone apologises and says that is a common malfunction with that model. They offer to replace it with a different model and the lady asks for something sportier. 
Oh my, I didn't see that coming he is an Ai robot, I thought she was going to caress his neck but she was reaching for the off button, then she went to her laptop to browse and order a new one 'sportier' shevsooke with some one they agreed that model 100 was not that ambitious , a fault of the 100 , I guess she needs an upgrade 
So as you know he was a robot of some sort. So she called the Manufacturers and said she wanted to report a malfunction. They asked her the model and she said it was a C100. All this while ,he was just there with his head down as she had left him. So when she spoke to them they asked her was was wrong with it and she said it lacked ambition that she wanted something more adventourous. They told her that was a common issue with the C100. 
She shows her husband is actually a robot. She switches him off while feigning physical intimacy. She then looks up robot advertisements  to get another robot as she is unhappy with her current robot husband. She gets her phone and calls the robot producer complaining her model 100 series has no ambition or drive. 
The woman triggers a switch on his neck, he appears to be a robot and he shuts down, the woman seems slightly relieved, looks at robotics on a website (maybe to buy a new better model), she dials a number which is for robotic technical support.  She explains that she is unsatisified with the 100 series, explains problems that it lacks ambition, no sense of adventure, they offer an upgrade, she is after something that is a bit more sporty.
The woman speaks with the customer service. She says she is not satisfied with her boyfriend current model, 100 series. Customer service says that indeed there is a common error, with that particular model and if she would like an upgrade. The woman says yes and she would like something sportier. 
She calls tech support for her robot husband and is choosing someone new already. She talks to the support team about how he lacks ambition and they say they it's a known defect and could exchange him to a newer model.
The woman speaks to Prometheus customer support, complaining of a problem with her current unit (the man). She complains he lacks ambition and is unexciting. This is apparently a problem with the Model 100 series. She asks to be upgraded to a sportier model...
After finding out the boyfriend was a robot, his girlfriend rings up the company that makes these robots and she is browsing different robots that are available on the website. On the phone she tells the operator about her not being happy with him and she is offered an upgraded robot, she asks for something that is sportier
The woman complains to the company about the quality of her model. She says it lacks ambition. The woman on the phone says that is a common complaint. The woman then asks for a model that is a bit sportier.
