While the rock climber robot is massaging the woman's neck he finds her on off switch which tells us she was also a robot.  He switches her off and she slumps over deactivated, the rock climber robot then grabs a beer and a cigarette and turns on a sporting event on tv, sits on the couch and kicks his feet up on the coffee table while watching the game intently.
As the robot is standing behind the woman massaging the back of her neck, he flicks the switch in her neck and she shuts down. It turns out she is also a robot.nThe man robot then walks over to the chair facing the tv , switches on the tv, lights a cigarette and starts drinking from a bottle.
The man robot has just pressed something on the woman which has made her appear to switch off, like what happened with the first male robot. 
The man robot continues to massage her neck shoulders. The woman is pleasantly surprised as she talks. He reaches behind her neck and turns the switch off to her surprise. She powers down and remains expressionless. The man gets a cigarette and turns on a sports game.
whilst massagin her shoulders, he asks about her day. She mentions she went to town to buy some things for the dinner and met a friend for lunch. All of a sudden, he presses a button on her neck and powers her down. Looks like she is a robot as well! He then lights a cigarette and sits on the couch to watch football.
He then switches the switch on the back of her neck revealing she is also a robot and turns her off. He then sits in front of the tv with a cigarette and turns it on with the remote.
The new rock climber guy continues to rub his hands down her neck and huge surprise. He turns her off. Turns out she was a robot all along. GASP. I guess he just wanted to hear her miserable ass to shut up as he lights a smoke and kicks back and turns on the T.V. to relax. 
She's a robot too! She's a robot too! He was massaging her and kept going high on her neck and she had the same on and off switch! He turned her off, put on the TV and lit up a cigarette 
The man comments about the asparagus being an aphrodisiac. He gets up and starts to massage her neck and asks her about her day. She seems somewhat uncomfortable. While she is telling him about her day he flips a switch off on her neck. Big twist, she is a robot too. He then walks over to a chair, turns on the TV, and starts smoking. 
While the woman is talking about her day, the new model gives her a neck massage. However, he moves his hand to the back of her neck and she seemingly switches off. The shot from behind her, as he walks away, shows a switch on the back of her neck, implying that she is also a robot. The man puts his feet up on the table in the living room, lights a cigarette and watches TV. The close-up on him shows that he seems somewhat emotional.
As her new robot boyfriend kept messaging her, he pulled down the back of her dress and switched off the button on her neck,meaning she was also a robot. He left her in that state and took a cigarrette to smoke,switched on the TV, and watched
While he is massaging her neck, he flips her switch to off. She powers down and slumps forward. He smirks and walks over to the couch, sits down, puts his feet up and turns on what sounds like a sports game. He then lights a cigarette and begins smoking it.
As the man was massaging the women, he flipped a switch on the back of her neck. Now we know she is a robot too. So the man robot goes and sits down in a chair in front of the tv, lights a cigarette and starts smoking it and watching tv. Leaving the woman robot turned off sitting at the table.
It turns out the the girlfriend is a robot too! The boyfriend switched her off, then want and sat on the sofa, lit a cigarette and watched the football.
The robot husband while he is massaging the wife, turns on the switch in the back of her neck and she stops functioning. Then he grabs a beer and a cigarette and sits down and watches TV. 
As he is massaging her, he slowly goes towards her neck and it is revealed that she has a button as well which he turns off. After that he goes and sits on the sofa, starts smoking and watching TV while the camera shows her button. 
So as he is massaging her. Come to find out she also has a switch so he decides to turn her off then he goes and lights a cigarette and starts watching t v.
The new boyfriend is massaging the woman's shoulders. He then finds the switch on the back of her neck and switches her off. She slumps at the table. He then goes over to the sofa whilst smoking his cigarette. Once sat on the sofa, he puts his feet up on the coffee table and turns the T.V. on. It sounds as if he is watching sport of some kind.
The man robot started talking and acting seductively. But it was a ruse. He went behind the woman and switched her off. She is also a robot. He started watching some football on the tv
as he massages her back, he clicks a switch and turns her off. He proceeds to sit on the couch with a cigarette and a beer and starts watching sports on TV. he looks fed up.
While he's massaging her he finds and flicks off a switch in her neck which reveals that she's also a robot. Afterwards he sits down on the couch to watch t.v while smoking and drinking.
The new android is massaging the woman's neck and shoulders and asking her about her day which she is enjoying greatly. She continues to enjoy the massage and is obviously very happy with the attention then all of a sudden the male android flicks the off switch on the woman's neck and she goes limp. The man the proceeds to sit on the couch with a cigarette and a beer and puts his feet up and turns on the TV and begins watching it. 
She's telling her new model about her day as he rubs her shoulders, when suddenly his hand creeps up the back of her neck and switches her off. It is revealed she is ALSO a robot, and he leaves her unconscious at the table as he goes to smoke a cigarette and watch TV in the living room.
She had the same switch the boyfriend did and he pretends to show some affection, and yep, he switched her off just like she switched the first boyfriend. The new guy just walked over to a couch, lit a cigarette, and turned on a tv as he sat down ad got comfy
He powered her off and went over to the sofa, switched on the tv, put his feet up and started smoking a cigarette.
The boyfriend carresses her neck and powers her down. She is slumped over at the table. He moves to the living room, sits on the chair to carry on smoking and watching sport on TV. He looks visibly distressed and upset.
the man goes over to the woman and gives her a massage. whilst he is massaging her neck he finds a switch. he turns the switch off and the woman's head falls forward. she has been switched off. she too is a robot. the man calmly leaves her and sits infront of the tv to watch the football.
They continue to eat, he then says about the asparagus being tender and an aphrodisiac , he then gets and walks over and starts massaging her shoulders and asks about her day. As she's mid sentence he switches her off. Picks up a cigarette sits on the sofa and puts the tv on
she was also a robot and was a victim of her own demise, as now her new boyfriend  (also a robot) is the one in charge and controlling her 
the new robot moved over to where the woman was seating and he began to massage her neck and in that process turned her power off, which means the woman is a robot herself, he then proceeded to switch on the tv, sat down on a sofer with him legs on the table and began smoking a cigarette 
