She lost her temper with him and threw her full glass of wine in his face, blaming him for being self important, when he is an IT guy not a surgeon. He sat calmly, then took out and lit a cigarette. She exclaims, not in my house!, takes the cigarette from his lips and stubs it out in a ashtray.
The couple are eating a meal together on opposite ends of the table, and the girlfriend throws her glass of wine over the boyfriend dramatically, soaking him and tells him to just fucking have a drink!  He looks morose, unmoved by this shocking explosion from the girlfriend.  He takes out a cigarette and lights it with a zippo, totally blank expression on his face.  As the girlfriend realises what he is doing she freaks out and says dont you dare smoke in my house!  She lunges towards him.
The man asks the woman how her day was, she reacts angrily, throwing her drink at him. She starts to yell, asking why the man isn't more emotionally available and asks him to have a drink. The man lights a cigarette, despite the woman telling him not to light it in her house. She walks over and takes the cigarette out of his mouth, walking to the other end of the room to stub it out in a glass ashtray. 
The girlfriend gets upset with her boyfriend while eating their anniversary dinner, and when the boyfriend asks her how her day way, she gets up in anger, throws her drink in his face, and screams to him He is a Computer Analyst and not a surgeon, in which he responds by pulling out a cigarette, lights it, and the girlfriend then states, You do not smoke in my house, takes the smoke out his mouth and kills in in the ashtray on the server.
A couple are having dinner together, the husband asks the lady how her day was, she gets agitated about the man not drinking because he is on call, so she throws a glass of wine over him. He then lights up a cigarette, and she gets very cross takes it away from him and stubs it out.
The lady throws a drink over her husband as shouts' relax' you are a computer operator not a brain surgeon'.  The man then lights a cigarette and his wife jumps up and grabs it off him
A couple sitting at a dinner table on their anniversary were arguing, the man didnt want to drink and the wife wanted him to relax and have a drink. He didnt want to drink because he was on call for work. The woman got mad and splashed a drink in his face, the man then lights a cigarette and she gets mad because she doesnt want him to smoke in her house!
The lady finally loses it and throws the large glass of wine into the boyfriend's face swearing saying your a computer analyst not a **** surgeon why can't you relax. The boyfriend's reaction is to reach for a cigarette light it and start to inhale. The lady says oh no you don't not in my house  and steps round the table taking the cigarette from his mouth and stubs it out in a cink.
A couple is having what is meant to be a romantic dinner, but the man, who is a computer analyst, is treating his being on call as if he was a surgeon. His reward is a glass of wine in his face!!!!!
The male partner asks how was her day.  She throws the glass of wine in his face.  she accuses him of being tied to his job.  He lights up and starts to smoke, and she yells not in my house.  She removes its and puts it out in an ash tray, saying not in my house.
He asked how her day was, and she through a glass of wine at him and said why don't you relax for once. Then he took out a cigarette and smoked one and she walked over and grabbed it and said don't smoke in my house. 
The woman gets annoyed at the man for not drinking, and throws the wine in her glass across the table at him in anger, also shouting that he should relax and not act like a robot. With a face covered in wine, the man then lights a cigaratte. The woman then rushes over to take it out of his mouth and orders him not to smoke in the house.
so it turns out he's a computer analyst and when he tries to change the subject to something less horny, she lashes out and yells at him and throws wine over him, so he lights up a cigarette and she yells at him more and says this is my house don't do this
He is making small talk, and then she gets up out of nowhere and throws a glass of wine in his face! She yells hes u201ca computer analyst not a surgeon!u201d He sits there very seriously and then lights a cigarette and she screams; Dont you dare light a cigarette in my house! She walks over, grabs it out of his mouth and puts it out in an ashtray.
the man asked how her day was and she got angry and chucked the wine all over him telling him he is a analyst and not a surgeon and told him to be quite. He then started smoking then she took it from his mouth and out it out
The man asks the woman how her day was. The woman then throws a glass of wine in the man's face and says 'you are a computer analyst, not a surgeon'. The man then pulls out a cigarette and lights it up. The woman says 'oh don't you dare' and takes the cigarette out of his mouth, saying 'don't you dare smoke in my house', she takes the cigarette and stubs it out in a glass ashtray on a side table.
The boyfriend changed the subject and asked how the girlfriend's day was. The girlfriend did not like that and threw a drink in his face, asking why he couldn't relax and not be so robotic. The boyfriend took out a cigarette and lit it. The girlfriend then got upset and yelled something  how dare you smoke in my house! and took the cigarette away to put it out.
The man asks the woman how her day was. The woman becomes angry and trows her glass of wine at the man, soaking him. She tells him that he is a surgeon, not a computer, and he needs to relax and enjoy himself. He gets a cigarette out of his pocket and puts it in his mouth. The woman says don't you dare! very angrily. He lights the cigarette. The woman stands up and shouts don't you dare smoke in my house!. She walks around the table, grabs the cigarette from his mouth and puts it out in a glass ashtray near where she was originally sitting.
The woman becomes angry and asks why the man (her boyfriend) won't have a drink. He says that he's on-call and can't drink, to which she becomes very angry (her temper already simmering at his lack of engagement with her) and throws the glass of wine she just poured herself in the previous scene, all over him! The boyfriend, now soaked with wine, produces a pack of cigarettes from his pocket and lights one. This angers the woman further, who chastises him saying Don't you dare smoke in my house!. She takes the cigarette from his mouth and extinguishes it.
A movie popped up about a man and his wife on their anniversary date in their house where the wife was pressurizing the husband to drink and he refused she had to spill drink on im when he asked how her day went telling him to shut the fuck up and drink he got angry and brought out cigarette to smoke and she refused and collected from him and quenched it 
The female character tried to pour a drink for the man. He declines.nThe female character than says it is their anniversary. The man again declines.nThe female character finishes an entire glass of wine and pours another.nThe male character asks how her day was and the female throws the glass of wine in his face.nThe female character tells the male to relax.nThe male lights a cigarette.nThe female gets mad, takes the cigarette, and puts it out.
The boyfriend asked the girl how her day was but she freaked out and threw her glass of wine at him. She proceeded to yell at him about how he should relax and take a drink. He pulled out a cigarette and lit it to start smoking. She got made at him about smoking in her house and took the cigarette from him.
the woman is getting angry at the man for not wanting a drink
The boyfriend asked his girlfriend how her day was after a terse silence, and she lashed out at him and threw wine in his face, yelling that he was a computer science and not a surgeon and demanding to know why he can't relax and be with her. The man's reaction is subdued but silently furious. He lights a cigarette, which causes his girlfriend to scold him for smoking in her house, and she gets up and pulls the lit cigarette out of his mouth and puts it out, only for him to immediately light another once her back was turned. 
the man asked how was your day, the woman got angry and threw her wine over the man, the man then lit a cigarette and the woman was upset he started smoking in her house 
The couple argues, and finally the girlfriend throws her drink at her boyfriend. She tells him that he should have a drink. Though he is on call, it turns out that he is a computer analyst not a surgeon. He takes out a cigarette and lighter, meaning to smoke. However, she yanks it away from him and puts it out.
The man asks the women how her day was and then out of nowhere the woman throws a drink in his face. She then screams at him and says  you are a computer analyst not a surgeon. Why don't you just relax? The man then lights up a cigarette and the woman gets even angrier. She says don't you dare smoke in my house
The woman threw wine over the man, saying he should have a drink. To which the man responded by taking out a cigarette which the woman did not like and took from him.
The woman got upset and threw the glass of wine in the boyfriend's face .nHe then lit a cigarette and she got angry and stubbed it out. 
girlfriend through a drink in her boyfriends face telling him to have a drink , that he does something with computers and that he is not a surgeon so he needs to relax. he just sat their silently grabs a cigarette , she shouts at him for smoking in her house and snatches it from his mouth and stubs it out on an ashtray or ornament. 
