While on the phone with Prometheus tech support, the woman relays she has a 100 series robot and says that her robot lacks ambition and adventure. The tech support lady said that this is a common malfunction for this series, and asks if it would be OK to upgrade her unit. The woman agrees, and asks for first a rock-climber and then a masseuse.
The customer service rep asks if the woman would like to upgrade to a newer model. She agrees, and the rep asks if she has any preferences. The woman asks if she can get a sportier model. Looking at the photos online again, she requests a rock climbing masseuse with no beard.
She starts to order a new model. She requests a rock climbing masseuse with now beard.
the person on the phone asks if the main character lady would like her to do something about the malfunction. The main character replies yes she would like to change her robot. The operator suggests that they can do an upgrade and asks if she has preferences. The main character replies that she would like a model that is a rock climber and masseuse, she says this while looking at the images of a certain Paul D300 robot in the company's catalogue who is picture rock climbing and giving a massage.
The woman goes to a website on her laptop to find information about robots. She phones up the robotics company and says she is dissatisfied with he current model, that is her partner who has been switched off. The website agent asks the woman what the problem is and she says the current model lacks ambition and she would like an upgrade. She browses the website and asks for a rock climbing masseuse robot.
She tells the woman on the phone she wants a new model, something a bit sportier, a rock-climbing masseuse
The woman is on the phone headset with a company. She is thinking of upgrading her boyfriend. The customer service person on the other end of the phone asks her if she wants to upgrade. She then says yes and looks at various models of men. She asks about a rock climber and then one that can give massages. She contemplates what she wants to do.
The woman asks the company to send her a more sporty model, but one that hasn't got a beard.
The woman sits down and browses her laptop and goes onto a robotics website. It seems to be the website where you can order robots as people. She finds masseuse robot that she likes and calls customer service. She complains saying her current robot lacks ambition and the customer service agent says that it's common for the version 100 to behave like that. The agent offers to upgrade her to a newer model and she asks for the rock climbing masseuse. 
the robot company offer to upgrade her and asks which one she wants, she says she wants one more sporty and you see the one on the screen from before, the paul. She says she want his no beard and a massager
She called the maker of the robot and asked for a new model. Something a little more adventurous.
The woman at the robot company comments that it's a common fault with the 100 series and offers to upgrade the robot unit. The wife says yes and it is shown that she is looking at a D-300 model called Paul. She scrolls through pictures of the robot rock climbing and performing a massage on somebody. She asks the company representative for a unit who can rock climb, or is a masseuse, or is a rock climbing masseuse. She wants a unit who looks like the pictures online but with no beard.
The lady asks her if she wants to be upgraded and she says yes, she wants a rock climbing masseuse like the picture.
offered an upgrade on the phone and wife says yes please.  would like someone with a bit ore ambition - would like a rock climber, no - a masseur - oh how about a rock climbing masseur yes, that is what she will have
She orders herself a new husband. She seems hesitant, but eventually gets into the conversation with the phone operator. She looks at pictures of another model and orders a partner who rockclimbs and gives massages. 
The support caller said it is a common problem with that model, and offered to upgrade the woman to the 200 series, she agreed and wanted a model sportier such as a rock climber masseuse with no beard.
She calls to change her robot partner and the woman on the phone offers her an upgrade. She hints that she wants the model she is looking at on her laptop but says she doesn't want him to have a beard.
The woman is still on the phone while browsing model husband robots. She discusses that her current model has malfunctions and lacks ambition and the assistant agrees that this is a common error with this model. She is looking in the catalogue at a bulkier, bearded and more athletic male model and tells the assistant she is looking for something sportier. She then suggests she is looking for a rock climber or a masseuse.
She phones a customer helpline of the company that makes the robots. She says she is unhappy with her current model and would like to upgrade. She tells the agent that her current one lacks ambition, which the agent says is a common problem with the model. She then says she would like to change it for a more sporty one.
The lady is requesting that she trades in her robot model for a new model.She informs the call agent that her current model lacks ambition.  She browses through the online brochure and states that she wants a sportier model, one that can give massages and possibly a rock climber.
The telephone customer service asks if she wants an upgrade, to which she replies yes, she wants a sportier model. She then suggests from the online catalogue she wants a masseuse who is a rock climber with no beard. The camera pulls away as she is seen sitting at her desk on her bluetooth headset detailing the improvements she wants.
The operator offers to upgrade the model. The operator asks what she wants. The woman selects a sporty model, she chooses a rock climber but quickly changes to a massuse then to a rock climbing massuses but without the beard. the camera pans away
It the man eating is her robotic husband and shes unsatisfy with him, she calls the company and told them he lacks ambition and sense of avdenture and she wants something more advanced. she browse through newer models on their website while on the phone.
The woman walks over to her apple computer, gets on the phone to 'order' a new model. The man sitting in front of her that was shown as her boyfriend in the beginning was just a robot and she wanted a more ambitious, driven model. that would please her. 
The person on the phone suggests upgrading to a higher model of the robot. The lady suggests one of the robots she can see on the website as he is more adventurous. She wants the robot without a beard.
The wife orders a new Robotic husband that is a rock climber and a masseuse. She wants a more adventurous model than the one she had before because he was dull and non adventurous. 
The girlfriend is on the phone to the robotics company who offer her an upgrade to her existing model.  When asked what she is looking for she first asks for a rock climber then seems to change her mid and asks for a masseuse before finally deciding on a rock climbing masseuse with no beard.
The woman requests a new model while on the phone with the customer service agent, specifically something sportier. While on the phone, she browses the service's website to look at different models. She asks for a rock climber first, but then she changes her mind and says a masseuse. She quickly changes her mind again, however, and asks for a rock climbing masseuse.
The woman dials in to a customer service line for robotic husbands, tells the agent that she is unsatisfied with her current model due to lack of ambition. nThe agent suggests she upgrade.nShe asks for a rock climber, then a masseuse, then a rock climbing masseuse. nShe asks for no beard. 
So she calls the manufacturer that makes robot boyfriends and she expresses her unhappiness with her current robot boyfriend, saying he lacks ambition. Apparently, this is a common complaint about the robot model she has. She wants to upgrade to a more athletic robot boyfriend, who rock climbs and gives massages. 
