Two identical blonde woman come into the woman's residence wheeling a box called Prometeus Robotics and unbox and unzip the new robotic model that was currently in the plastic bag. They reveal the new model, just the face of a man with somewhat of a beard with orangeish brown hair and also the two blonde girls wheel out the old model out of her apartment. The woman looks at the new model with a surprised yet almost saddened look again, and does so as she sees the old model being carried out. 
Two woman come to the door with a new robot for the woman. They take off the plastic to reveal a new robot man for her. They then get the old robot she doesn't want on a stretcher and wheel it out of the apartment. 
Two women show up and begin to unwrap her new boyfriend to about his shoulders. The women then enter her home and wheel away her old boyfriend.
The 2 delivery ladies start to unwrap the plastic from around her new robot man while the woman watches on.  We then see the delivery ladies wheel away the original man tied to a sack barrow.  The woman looks at him being wheeled away and seems a little repentant.
The Woman answers the door and the robotics company are delivering a new robot. Two woman begin to un-bag the new robot man. The main character woman looks at the new robot lustfully. The two delivery woman then take away the old robot man on a trolley.
The company sends two workers to deliver the robot boyfriend the woman ordered. The workers unveil the robot underneath the plastic wrapping, and the woman can only stare in awe, her pupils dilating. She's clearly attracted to this new robot. She turns around to see the workers wheeling away her previous robot. The woman gazes on, looking slightly regretful.
Two women in overalls deliver a new robot to the woman's front door. The robot is covered in plastic, but as it is unwrapped the woman can see that it is a good looking male robot with a bit of stubble. She looks a little surprised, and turns around to see the two delivery women taking away her first robot. 
There is a knock on the front door and, when it opens, there is a woman with a large box. Presumably the new sex rob-- I mean cybernetic boyfriend inside. Next, we see the two delivery women wearing matching work coveralls and a clipboard. The two delivery women unwrap the robot and, immediately after, roll the previous robot husband out the door on a dolly. The main character woman gives a bit of a forlorn look towards her previous model robot as it rolls out the door.
There is a knock at the door. The woman looks through the peep hole, then opens the door. There are two women from the company where she ordered her knew robot man. The two women unpackage the man, and the woman that bought the new robot man seems to have a satisfactory expression. The two women who delivered the new robot man take away the old robot man as the other woman watches.
The woman gets a knock on her door and two women are at her doorstep with a large package. The two women start unpacking the package and reveal the new robot boyfriend the woman ordered while carrying out the old one.
The delivery woman is joined by another delivery woman who is exactly the same (robots) and they unpack the new model. The real woman appears happy.
The woman answers the door to a delivery person who has a large box with them. A second delivery person appears. The box is unwrapped to reveal the new model and the woman appears to be satisfied with her choice. She then turns around to see her old model being wheeled away by the delivery people.  
After the call to the robotic company, her door bell rang and a new robot was delivered to her by two ladies in the company's uniform. She looked stunned as the unveil the robotic man. While she was still staring at the robotic man in surprise, they entered and carried out her husband. She stared back and looked at them as they took him out.
It turns out that the girlfriend has actually hired a robot, assuming this means her current boyfriend may be a robot also?
Another delivery woman steps into the frame. The new model is unwrapped and is staring vacantly. The protagonist woman stares back and then at the old boyfriend being wheeled out on a gurney.
The lady hears a knock at the door, she gets up and opens the door. She sees two blonde women who look almost identical, they have a huge package with the company's name on it. They undo the plastic covering what seems to be a robotic sleeping man. We then see her husband being wheeled out of the house. 
she asks for an updated model as he lacks adventure and ambition. The other girl agrees that is a common fault with the 100 series. She wants a rock climber or a masseuse, or a rock climbing masseuse, with shorter hair and no beard, but a five o'clock shadow. Two girls arrive with the new robot unwrapping his face, and wheel away the old model.
Dropping off the crate at her door, they open it to reveal the new model with the specifications she requested. They are then seen wheeling out her old model as she stares at him longingly
Two females in overalls stand in the doorway in front of the large Robotics box. They begin opening and unwrap a blonde haired man exactly as the female character had ordered him. The female character stares longingly at the new model as he is unwrapped. She then glances over and the two women in overalls have strapped her previous model down and they are wheeling him out. 
Two women unbox and remove the plastic from the new model. The old model is taken away on a dolly. She looks a bit worried.
Two ladies brought the new robot to the house and unpacked it.  They then wheeled the old robot away whilst the woman watched.
Two women appear outside the woman's apartment and knock on the door. She looks through the keyhole and then opens it. They have a large box which contains a replacement droid. They start to open it to reveal the head and torso of the new model which looks more rugged and has short stubble.  The woman looks at it closely but does not change her expression. The two women are then seen carting away the original droid on a trolley. 
She was asked what the problem was and said that he lacked ambition.  Support said that this was a known problem with the 100 Series.  She was asked what she wanted and she said Something a bit sportier, a rock climber, no a masseuse, no a rock climbing masseuse.  She looked at a D-500 model named Paul, but said that she wanted no beard, maybe a 5 o'clock shadow, and shorter hair.nThe there was a bang at the boor and as she opened it a woman in overalls from the company was there with another woman delivering a big box.  As we see the woman in the black dress unwrap the new model we saw the two delivery women wheel out the old model on a set of trucks.
The two ladies from the robotics company unpacked the new robot. Then they wheeled the old robot away. 
They bring her a new robot and take her old one
two delivery woman likely robots arrive with a new model for the woman and the older one is sent away.
Two women arrive at the door with a replacement robot.They remove the other one and leave.
The spoiled Euro trash woman remains on the line and is rather indecisive about what man she wants her android husband replaced with - a masseuse, a man with a 5-o'clock shadow, it really doesn't matter. She orders a new model android. nnSometime later, there is a loud knock at the door. It is the android company and she answers. They cart off her previous model and unwrap her new boy toy from the plastic. She looks upon the scene with anticipation but also perhaps a sense of guilt as they cart away her previous robotic lover. 
Okay, so the blonde who was at the door wheels the box inside. They open it up, pull down the plastic, and the woman sees her new sexbot boyfriend. But she doesn't look excited at all. She has this weird, perplexed, sort of sad look on her face. Then the camera switches to the robotics company wheeling her old robot out the door. It's almost as if she'd been attached to the first guy but didn't realize it until she realized he was being replaced.
The woman says to the. robot company that she wants a more exciting model  and describes what she wants being a rock climbing masseuse. The company deliver the new robot and take away the old one who was her boyfriend, she looks a little regretful at this but also excited by her new robot.
