The rock will be used as a piece of glass onboard the space ship or in its structure
The rock will be dined on, now a plate
The rock will see space
The glass will be used as a type of lens.
The rock, as part of a space probe, goes off to visit the stars, and worlds new.
The rock will go up to space and be apart of science equipment.
I think the glass will be shown being used as a lens for a telescope.
I think the glass is going to be used for researching rocks in space.
The rock will spend its final moments going into space as a piece of glass.
The rock will be used as part of a space telescope.
the rock will find itself in outer space
I think the rock will be sent out into space as a telescope lens.
The rock will look out the window and see outer space and be wowed.
The rock will be used in a satellite.
The plate/mirror is going to go into space
The rocket that its on is going to explode
The rocket is going to go into deep space since the rock appears to be a mirror now so it will be a satellite
The rock is part of the space ship. He will be flown into space.
The rock will end up traveling through space.
The rock, that is now a plate, will go to the moon.
The newly formed rock is heading to space to be part of a test mission of some sort.
I think that the rock which is now a lens will film important things in space.
I think that the rock which could now be a glass slide will be used to collect space rocks.
rock is going into space
rock will be left on the moon
The rock will go to the moon
The rock will go to the moon as part of the space craft.
The rock will end up in outer space
The missile will probably explode.
I think the rock will be in space and be happy.
The rock will be placed on the moon.
The rock will be used as a part of the rocket going to space.
The rock will be released into space with other junk floating around.
the rock will go to outer space
The rock will be used as glass.
The rock not glass, will be a window on the space rocket, and potentially find a resting place on the moon after an incident
i predict the rock will go into space and see space rocks, maybe on the moon
First rock to land on the moon. Transformed into glass
hes sent into space
I think the rocket will make it into space and the next couple of scenes will show the "rock" enjoying space and finally resting.
