I think the wildebeest will be eaten by an alligator
I think the object will turn out to be an alligator.
I think one of the buffalo will poke the alligator/log to see what it is.
one of the yaks will get closer to the water and it'll turn out to be a crocodile that attacks them
One of the cows may try to touch the object in the water.
The moose will bump it with its nose.
The buffalo will throw a rock at the crocodile
Some sort of accident will happen to cause panic
I think the two animals will continue discussing what the thing in the water is.
They willl decide whether who is correct
I think one cow will test the water
I feel like one of the animals will enter the water to find a rock
The object in the water will move to reveal what it really is.
The cows will enter the water.
A bison will attempt to step on the crocodile.
The two argue a little more about what the object in the water is. finally one touches their hoof in the water to see if anything happens.
Something will pop out of the water.
The cow will poke the top of the alligator head in which it thinks is a log of wood.
A crocodile will come out of the water and try to eat one of the animals.
I think the alligator will jump up.
Something threatening is going to come out of it and they will run away.
I think that one of those wildebeasts are going to get grabbed by the alligator.
I believe an alligator will pop up.
it is going to show the two moose again.
A log will appear
The animals will attempt to cross.
The animals will try stepping on the thing and crossing the water
I think the animals will find another way into the water.
A crocodile/alligator will pop out of the water and attack the cattle.
I think the animals will continue to argue over what the object is and one will try to convince the other that it's a crocodile.
The crocodile in the water will pop out and scare the buffalo.
The crocodile is going to come out of the water and get one of the buffalos.
I think that an alligator will be in the water.
I think an alligator will pop out of the water and surprise the other animals.
The Crocodile will jump at the bison.
crocodile in the water
An alligator will jump out of the water.
The alligator in the water will show itself
The animal will step on the thing that they are unsure about.
I think the crocodile is going to jump out of the water and bite one of the antelopes.
I think the moose will continue guessing whats in the water.
I think a turtle will surface.
The will drink from the pond
I think an alligator will come out of the water
one of the buffalo will show the other that it is a crocodile
I think something will come out of the water and bite the animals.
An alligator will lift its head out of the water with its jaws wide open.
The "log" is a crocodile. It will rise for the water and swallow a cow whole.
The Crocodile pops out of the water scaring the buffalo while trying to grab dinner.
I think one bison will poke the crocodile with a stick.
I think the crocodile will come out of the water
The sheep will try to get on the rock, but it turns out to be an animal instead.
The wildebeest will poke the thing in the water
I think a gator will pop up and eat the sheep.
The log will roll over.
the alligator will roll over.
I think that they will decide to go into the water and get eaten.
They could walk away thinking that it's a crocodile.
Bull will touch the log
The alligator will come out of the water and eat one of the cows.
I think the cows will start to debate intensely if the floating object is a crocodile or a log.
They're going to keep arguing and an alligator will pop out
The alligator will come up and bite the cow.
bison gets eaten
I think they are going to find out what is that in the water
One of them falls in the water.
The cows will find out if it is a log or an animal.
The alligator will eat the water buffalo.
The cows will determine if its an alligator or a log
The alligator will stick it's head up and be confused by the other animals.
I think it is a crocodile and it will attach
I think the cows will keep talking about what is in the water.
The two animals will continue to argue back and forth.
A crocodile will rise from the water.
The cow will tap the "log"
I believe that the buffalos will start crossing the lake.
I think an alligator will jump out at the two animals and try to eat them.
I think that it could be another object altogether and surprise the two animals on the shore.
The crocodile will move and startle the buffalo.
I think something will come along to help them get across the water.
The cows will jump in the water to determine if it's wood or an alligator.
the cows are going to turn around and leave
the cows are going to wait for a log and get on it
The crocodile will pop up out of the water
I think the first buffalo will insist the thing in the water is an alligator and an argument will ensue.
I think the "log" in the water will move and they'll find out it's an alligator.
I think the oxen will go back and forth arguing if it is a log or an alligator and then use a stick to poke at it.
I think that a crocodile will pop up out of the water.
It really is an alligator in the water and it will jump out and eat one of the buffalo. All of the other buffalo will run away.
An alligator pops out and startles the animals.
The cow proof the Crocodile
I think the aimals will continue their conversation.
the alligator will move
I think the bull is going to try to step on the mound.
I think an alligator will come up and eat them.
It will be a log
I think that the alligator is going to rise up out of the water.
Some animal comes out
Crocodile will attack
The two animals argue over what the thing is.
I think a crocodile will rear its head and snarl at the cows (or other bovines).
A head comes up out of the water.
I think one of the animals will jump onto the object and it will end up being an alligator.
The buffalo will continue to guess on whether or not it is an alligator or a log, until eventually they find out the hard way.
the wildebeest is going to tap the gator
I think an alligator or crocodile is going to pop up out of the water.
The buffalo will agree it's a log go into the water then get eaten.
A buffalo will touch the thing
I think the thing in the water is an aligator.
I think we will see what the object in the water is.
I think the two animals will argue about it being an alligator or log and one will tap the item in question.
The croc will raise it's head
The animal will enter the water.
The crocodile will harm the bull
The bull will drown in the water
They will do something to see what the log is.
I believe the cow will throw something at the log
I believe the cow will jump out onto the log.
A crocodile will jump out of the river.
The animal is wondering whether that is a log and is going to step on it.
that an alligator will appear from the water.
The two cows are going to make some more guesses as to what the object is.
The thing in the water will move, setting off another round of guesses as to what it is
A giant turtle or alligator will jump up and eat the closest one.
I think the crocodile's head will emerge from water.
A log will float up out of the water.
cows are want to enter the water
I think that the cows are going to try to figure out whether the thing in the water is an alligator or a log.
The cows will throw something at or poke the thing in the water.
The log will be an alligator.
I think the water buffalo will continue to argue about what is in the water.
I think the animals will try to test if the object is a log or alligator by touching it.
The cows will step into the water.
The mysterious object in the water will be revealed to be a turtle.
The unidentified object will pop up out of the water as something totally surprising and not a log or a crocodile at all.
crocodile will hunt the buffalo
The alligator will attack an animal on the shore.
One of the two animals at the edge of the water will be eaten by a crocodile.
The animals will debate back and forth until one of them decides to drink.
The cows will try to drink from the water and the alligator will try and catch one of them
something will come out of the water
I think the animals will go into the water.
The viewer will find out it is a crocodile as the floating object will blink its eyes.
A turtle will rise out of the water and walk onto land.
The camera will pan down below the water to show a creature in a similar dilemma.
The croc will rise up and bite their face off
The object will be an alligator.
I think that the Alligator will jump out of the water and eat one of the oxe.
The "log" will lurch out of the water, confirming the first bison's guess that it was a crocodile
The bison will continue to argue about what the mysterious item might be
The bison that thinks it is a log will try to step out onto it
I think in the next 30 seconds an alligator will lift its head and scare the bison away.
I think one of the buffalo will poke the 'log' to see if it moves
A shark will pop out of the water.
The animals will try and touch the log or crocodile to figure out which one is right
I think the cows will be eaten by the crocodile.
It will be a gator, but he will be friendly.
The cows beside the lake try to guess what's in the lake. Although it's a reptile they believe that it's something else.
I think the cows will contining guessing what is in the wated maybe another 2 or 3 times
I think a crocodile will come out of the water and scare the animals
I think one of the animals will try to jump over to the other side. Or perhaps use a log to help.
I think it will be a crocodile and it will eat one of the buffalo
An alligator will pop out of the water.
I think the buffalo will jump on the dirt patch in the water and find out its not a crocodile
The item in the water is a crocodile and begins to move towards the animals on the bank.
The animals decide to step into the water onto the thing in the water as they do it moves and it turns out to be a crocodile.
I think a crocodile will rise from the lake
I think the cows(?) will go back and forth a couple more times on if it's an alligator or a log, and then the alligator will peek its head out and glare at them.
The first character will try to step in the water
I think they will walk into the water and see what happens.
I think they will start listing all the possible scenarios but i am unsure what they may be.
I think the bulls will enter the water to see if its a crocodile or a log in the water
The crocodile will jump out of the water.
The deer will attempt to cross the water.
i think the characters will try to prove their own theories as to what the object is
One of the buffalo will try to step on the crocodile.
I predict the animals will try to prod the item to see if it is a crocodile or a log
A crocodile will appear and snap its jaws
The animals will try touch the object to see if it is a rock or aligator
They will continue guessing.
he falls in
I think an animal will appear from the water
I think the alligator will pop out of the water within the next couple of scenes.
I also think that the animals could try to test their theory about it being an alligator vs log by jumping on it.
the cow is going to take a drink from the river and the aligater is going to attack.
the animals will argue
I think that one of the animals (yaks?) will poke the log/crocodile.
I think it will turn out to be a log and not a crocodile, but a crocodile will appear from elsewhere.
The bulls attempt to touch what is floating in the water
Croc jumps out and eats a buffalo
I think a crocodile will jump out of the water.
The croc will attack the buffalo
The first bison will step onto the 'log' and discover it is indeed a crocodile. The crocodile will promptly gobble up the bison. The second bison will watch the events unfold, then turn to another bison. He will communicate that he thinks it is a log in the water.
I think a crocodile is going to pop out of the water and eat one of the animals.
The animal will drink the water and a crocodile will jump out and bite him or scare him
i THINK A CROCODILE WILL COME OUT OF THE WATER
I think it will be a crocodile in the water and it will eat the unwary Wildebeest
The bulls will take a drink from the river
The herd will step on the log and fall in.
The object will be a crocodile and will attack the herd.
A crocodile with leap up out of the water at the buffalo.
