The rock will roll into the street gutter
The rock will roll into a storm drain
The rock will stop rolling and someone else will pick it up to use it.
It rolls out into the crowd of people on the street, where one of the pedestrians pick it up.
Going to get in more situations until someone who just likes how he looks takes him home.
The rock will land on the ground, find a place to lay down and be picked up by another person.
Someone else will find a way to destroy the rock
I think the rock is going to get washed back to the water from earlier in the video.
The rock continues his adventure through the city and possibly across the country getting smaller and smaller along the way until it is adopted as a pet rock.
It will roll into the street and get crushed by a vehicle.
The rock is going to make it's way out of the city.
The rock will break into dust and end up back in the forest
The rock will fall into the sewers.
The rock will keep getting smaller.
I think the rock will be able to finally find a quiet place to sleep.
I think that the rock will role into a sewer grate.
Rock will keep being used by people.
I think the rock will meet another rock and fall in love.
The rock will continue to roll around in the town.
The rock will fall on the ground.
I think the rock will fall into someone's bag and he will be taken on a long trip. Once found he will be placed in a rock garden.
The rock will roll off the small roof and hit a person on the head.
someone else will grab the rock and make something nice.
I think a kid is going to pick up the rock and keep it as a "pet"
I think the rock is just going to keep rolling through out time and more humans will keep picking it up.
The rock will continue to roll off the awning and hit one of the pedestrians on the head.
The rock will end up in a fish tank in a restaurant
the rock will contine rolling around until to goes back to the sea
the rock will continue to be broken down by humans. Also may be used by wild animals...
The rock will roll into a drain
the rock lands on the road and a bus runs over it
I expect the rock to continue to be abused by our species!
The rock will keep rolling along and hit someone.
