Time will pass and it will be a giant mountain again, overlooking the evolution of some other species
The rock lands on Saturn after being shot into space and now is part of another planet.
The rock is going to be transformed into a mountain again, this time on Saturn. He will finally get to sleep!
I think that the video is basically going to start over again, with the rock golem being large and the planet evolving around it.
I think that the new planet that the rock landed on will begin to change and evolve like Earth did in the beginning and the process will start over again.
The glass piece is shipped out to a eyeglass place and they use it for reading glasses for an old man.
time will pass and the rock will turn into part of the ground.
The rock will wander aimlessly through space.
he will come back to earth as an asteroid
Well, that was wild! I mean, he's on another planet. I predict ALIENS.
We will grow into another rock and get brought back to Earth by an astronaut.
The rock gets incorporated as part of a larger rock on this new planet.
It is back of Position
Astronauts step on him
The rock will finally be able to sleep peacefully
Aliens arrive and the whole cycle repeats itself
I think the broken glass will find a new adventure on the moon.
Nothing meaningful will happen
the stone finally went to the sky
I think that the rock will stay on the moon for a while.
I think the moon will be hit with a comet and the rock will be knocked into space.
After the rock is thrown into space, I think it'll make it's way back to earth.
The rock will become part of a different planet, and time will pass, restarting the whole story.
I think the particles of the rock will transform back into a larger rock on a new planet.
The rock will meet aliens.
Over time, the glass shard will slowly become another mountain. Then the cycle will repeat with another civilization on the new planet.
I think in the next 30 seconds the rock will be formed back onto the new planet as a mountain or ridge just like he was at the beginning of the video.
Ends up as a comet and crashes back to Earth
The rock will grow into a larger space rock which will then get destroyed in some way
He will live happily on the moon forever, in peace!
He lands on the meteor which then head back to earth.
The landscape becomes similar to videos beginning and the whole process repeats itself
I think the object is going to evolve into something else on the moon.
