I think the entire cycle of the video will begin again.
I think the rock will sit happily where he is at for a long time and be eternally happy.
After some small peace, it gets disappointed because it just feel more humans again setting foot on it.
It will finally find happiness and the longing it so desired.
The rock will start a new life here.
The rock will go through a similar type journey over time as the beginning of the video but on the Moon or a different planet.
The rock enjoys living on his new environment and is happy.
after several years the planet was developed by nature
I think that the rock will smile and be happy to be back where it started.
The rock creature finally get to get his sleep after all this time.
The rock will decide to move to another location.
I think the rock will be happier in the new environment
The rock will start the whole cycle over again and end up being displaced by humans.
The whole cycle starts all over again.
I think that the rock is going to be very content and find great peace in his new home.
the rock will be happy
the will be happy
The mountain will be able to finally get some sleep now that the whole process is starting over again.
I think he will get a nod from a creature or something else that has sort of come full circle from the beginning.
the mountain will remain there with peace
The rock will stay on the planet and be itself again as it was in the beginning.
The rock will go to sleep for a very long time.
The same cycle we saw in the beginning will happen and the rock will continue to stay there for a long time
The process will start again when humans come to the planet.
new alien life starts on the planet
I think the rock will first relax and be content back in its original home.
I think the cycle will begin all over again, with the rock falling asleep and the environment changing
The rock will land back on the earth.
The rock will be happy.
Cycle starts again on this planet
The rock will watch the landscape changing through the years again
