The glass crashes on the planet where it thinks it finally will rest. Until an alien grabs it.
The rock will land on a new planet and start a new life.
The rock will crash into the asteriod and then land back on earth.
He will crash on another planet.
The rock is going to crash on an empty planet
The rock will land on the moon or some far off planet, and finally get some rest.
The rock will be picked up by a space alien.
The rock will become a meteorite.
The rock becomes a moon rock and is taken back to earth with the astronauts.
The rock as a lens will run into a planet on the satellite.
The satellite will collide into the planet and the rock will start a life in this new planet.
crash and get found by an alien
The rock will land on the planet and find peace.
the rock hit the moon and stays there.
the rock is found by astronuts
I think the rock will crash on to a planet and live there from now on.
The rock satellite is going to crash into a planet.
Then the rock is going to explore the planet.
The rock will get lost in space
A new mountain will appear
The satellite will land on the planet with the rings.
I think the satellite will be hit by a meteor, returning him to earth.
The rock and rocket will crash land on the planet.
The rock will crash on a planet
The rock will fall into a star and undergo nuclear fusion
The rock will encounter aliens
The rock will meet God
The rock will hit the moon.
I think the satellite will burn up and break down on its way back through the atmosphere
The rocks like to collapse and also to go down
i think he's going to break and float off into space
the rock will become a new form of life
the rock is going to go into space.
The rock will hurtle through the atmosphere back down to earth, crashing down in the very first place we saw it, millions of years ago.
The space craft will collide with another rock
the rock crashes and finally finds a place to sleep
The satellite will crash onto a planet and the rock will find new but alien friends on the planet
