The rock will be knocked around the street for a while, as time moves on, becoming smaller until he will be used by a kid in a slingshot
Someone else will pick up the rock
The rock will end up in the grass.
A child will pick up the rock and use it to play hopscotch.
The rock will continue to get smaller and smaller as humans keep on finding it and interacting with it.
I think the rock gets ran over and keeps getting crushed into tiny bits.
I think the rock is picked up by a child and they play a game with it.
The rock is going to get hit by another car which is going to break him down into the smallest rock he can be.
The rock will continue to roll through the city getting smaller and smaller.
the rocks going to get broken down until its nothing
I think poor kids will use the rock to play stick ball.
The rock will get picked up and used again. It will end up a tiny pebble.
The rock will continue to be worn down.
The stone will be found by a mechanic and thrown out
The stone will be skipped on the water since its smooth
The rock will be involved in ww 2 in some way.
The rock will tumble into traffic and get thrown into the sidewalk
The rock will be made into stone soup.
The rock will keep getting smaller, but now it will be used as a toy by a child.
I think that the rock will keep getting smaller.
I think that the rock will find a good place to come to a rest and be happy.
rocks looks for new place to sleep
The rock will reduced to a small piece of rock in a house.
The rock will walk off to the side of the street and lay in the gutter crying.
the rock will be run over
The rock will probably try and look for safety
I think the rock will turn into nothing but dust.
The rock will be kicked down a manhole.
A child will find the rock and keep it.
the rock will be moved once again to another scenario
The rock will reduce in size each time it is hit.
The rock will get smaller and smaller. He will probably end up in the sewer next.
I predict the rock will continue to be abused and get smaller and smaller.
Probably crushed in aeroplane engine
he taken away to mend
I think that the rock might be hit by another vehicle
I also think there is a chance it will fall into a ditch or alley and become stuck
