The rock is going to walk off the screen and go back to sleep somewhere and more time will pass.
The rock walks further away to get away from the noise.
The rock is going to get away from the human settlement, but he will encounter another annoyance of some sort in the woods.
I think that we are going to see that rock golem go back to sleep and keep being chipped away until it's really small.
I think the rock will try to find some place quieter to finish napping.
The rock man is going to go away and get something to stop the noise.
The giant rock will walk off into the forest
The rock will plant himself down somewhere else that he thinks is quieter.
the rock is going to go to the bathroom
The rock will wander into the forest and find another place to settle.
The rock will go into the forest and try to find a quiet place to rest, but then animals will bother him.
The rock moves away and tried to sleep again before being interrupted yet again.
people use the Mount broken and great the stone work
He finds a new friend
The rock will try to find a place to stay where no noise is made. He may even find a friend in the process
I think the rock will find a new home to grow
The workers will be scared of what happened
the stone was feeling irritating to move away the other place
I think the rock is tired and will find a place to sit down and relax away from the noise.
The rock will find a new home in a secluded forest.
I think the "mountain" will continue to walk until it reaches a town/city. The countryside will totally disappear.
The rock will look for somewhere peaceful and quiet to sleep, but he will have trouble as there are noisy humans everywhere.
The boulder will gradually become aware that it is no longer the size that it once was.
Over time, the boulder will continue to erode into a smaller size.
I think in the next 30 seconds the rock will get fed up with the changes happening around him and try and get revenge on humans.
The rock goes into the forest, then the men cut down the forest for wood
I think the Rock will now go on a search to make some friends.
The rock will get cross with the lumberjacks and roll at them
Th rock walk into the wood to find another area to stay and rest.
The rock will continue on to look for somewhere peaceful
I think the giant rock is going to move to another location with nobody around to bother it.
