The boulder now a cannon ball, is shot out into another ship, which sinks the ship, sending the rock down to the bottom of the ocean.
The rock will be shot and lose some more of its mass.
The rock will come shooting out of the ship.
he will be shot out of a cannon.
The rock is going to be shot out of the cannon and land in the ocean.
The rock/cannonball will get lodged somewhere. Maybe in a hill.
The rock is going to shoot out at someone.
Once they shoot the cannon the rock will be back in the area where he started and go to sleep.
The rock gets shot out of a canon towards the ocean and sinks to the bottom.
The rock which is a cannon ball now will break the castle wall and itself will break down into smaller pieces.
obviously he's gonna get shot out of a cannon.
The rock will shot out of the cannon.
the rock stops up the cannon
the rock it shot at the enemy
The rock will go flying out of the cannon and then he will move on to another part of his life.
I think the rock is going to be moved again by a different group of people.
The rock will be fired from the cannon and end up breaking into something smaller.
The rock will get microscopic.
The rock is going to get shot out of the cannon (obviously) and probably end up in the ocean.
The rock will keep getting smaller and smaller until it is only a pebble.
I think the rock will eventually be returned to nature in some form and live out the cycle again.
The rock will be fired out of the cannon and roll across the battlefield.
The rock will break into smaller pieces on impact and then be used as material in rebuilding after the battle
The rock will launch and kill someone.
I think the rock will get shot out of a cannon and land in the bottom of the sea bed, and it's life will be affected by the new surroundings
I think that after being shot out the cannon, the rock will hit another ship and sink the ship and sink to the bottom of the sea in the ship and then be discovered by divers at a later date
The rock is fire into battle
i think he's going to explode in to smaller chunks in the battle and become slightly bigger than a pebble
I think the rock will get up and walk away from the explosion
the rock will be put into a cannonn to be fired.
The rock will fly out of the cannon. It will soar through the air at great speed, then fall to the ground onto the battlefield. It will create a large crater and get embedded in the ground once more.
The rock will get fired out of a cannon
I think the rock will be used as a weapon and shot out of a cannon
The rock will hit a ship after being fired out of the canon and the ship will sink, and the rock will end up on the bottom of the sea
