I think the rock will end up as part of a wall high up on a building.
I think the rock will be melted down or taken somewhere to be manufactured in something.
I will be processed and refined, to be put on a store as gravel.
The rock will get smelted with the rest of the things and somehow end up back as a mountain.
The rock will escape.
The rock will be smelted or pressed in the forge along with the other stones and become something else like granite or sandstone.
The main rock will be used to build a giant building.
the stone is mixed with food items
I think the rock will get grinded up and used as asphalt for a street.
The rock creature will somehow be made larger again and finally get the rest he has wanted all this time.
The rock will finally find his purpose in life when he reaches his final destination.
I think the rock will be grounded to powder
I think the rock will be passed via a furnace
It will be formed into a new rock
he is going to be melted into a tool or car
I think that the rock is going to be made into cement.
the rock is going to be used in a large building
the rock will burn in the oven
I believe the grain of sand will go into the oven and get turned into glass.
It looks like he might be headed towards some kind of fire? I don't know I have not been right yet which is making it really interesting and it's so well done it's just really fun to watch.
that will be thrown in trash
The rock will be crushed almost to death, but will continue on as a pebble.
The rock is going to end up inside a brick or as a part of something concrete.
Seems like the rock is going to go in a furnace so it might try and escape before it is put inside
The sand will be melted and turned into glass.
The rock will be melted into cement
I think the rock will be separated from the mixture that it was in and will end up in a random pile of other rocks.
The rock will end up on a building site, where it will get put into cement.
The rock will be made into cement.
Rock is used to make some glass
The rock will get melted into a glass which will end up in someones home,
