Another human does another thing to disrupt the land around the big boulder.
The rock will watch what the man is doing with a confused look
The rock will awake and stand up.
Time will quickly go forward again
The rock is going to see an animal and hope to make a friend.
There will be an earthquake or similar that dislodges/moves the rock/.
The farmer will dig the rock up so the field can be planted.
I think the farmer will come back for the tree.
I think the mountain or hill will grow bigger and go after the man who was chopping down the tree.
The Rock goes back to sleep.
The human will come back to the rock and break it.
he's gonna fall asleep and more time will pass. maybe a house will get built.
The rock will watch the man do something else.
the rock grows big again
asks the woodman for help
I think the rock will continue to come out of the ground more and more and grow bigger.
I think the rock is going to try and do something to the man.
Something will cause the rock to become smaller and it will look distraught.
The rock will become very small.
Something is going to fall out of the sky near the rock.
I think the rock will be used for more and more, whittling it down in size and progressing it through time.
The man will begin to build a house near the rock.
The people will begin building things near/around the rock
The people will start breaking/mining the rock
The rock will go back to sleep.
I think houses will start to be built around the rock
The rock becomes angry and try to move away
i think that a kid will become friends with the rock
I think the tree will begin to die in the next season of life
the rock is going to make the tree fall.
The man will return with a pneumatic power tool and start drilling down into the rock. He will then proceed to put up a mobile phone mast on top of the rock.
The rock will wake up somewhere else, in a different place
I think the rock will interact with the man
The man will build a house with the tree he just chopped down
