The sand gets swept up right back in the ocean, where it forms another stone.
The rock which is now a pebble will be washed into the ocean and become part of the sand
I feel the rock will have something else bad happen to it.
He will get washed back out to sea
The rock will be picked up and thrown back into the ocean
Someone, maybe a child, will pick it up and take it home
It will end up back in the sea next to a trilobite-type thing. A horseshoe crab, maybe.
The rock will be in the ocean again.
The rock lands in the sand and burrows down so no one else can find him.
The rock is swept out to sea and will be happy again.
The rock which is sand particle now will mix into water, precipitate at the bottom for a long while and again become a huge rock after a very long time.
he's gonna get washed into the ocean and get smashed some more, maybe get turned into lava in the crust.
Someone else will find a use for the rock.
the rock ends up in the ocean where it began
I think the rock will just live in the sand and maybe get swept up by the ocean tide.
I think the little rock will emerge from the dirt pile and interact with the bigger rock.
A new rock will show and restart the cycle
The rock is going to go back into the ocean.
The rock is going to be small enough to be another piece of sand.
I think the rock will be among more like him in the sand and feel happy.
The rock will open its eyes as a grain of sand and look up at the bigger rock.
The rock will become part of a sandcastle
The rock will be washed out to sea
The rock will be collected and used to make glass
The rock will finally be able to sleep.
I think the rock now as sand will end up somehow back into a similar state it first started
The rock finally goes back to the water
i think the rock might get picked up by someone that thinks he's a special rock
the rock will be swept back into the ocean
the rock is going to be washed up by the tide.
A wave will rush up the beach and carry the 'rock' (now a tiny pebble) away into the sea. It will get carried across the oceans before washing up on a desert island with white sands, far away from people. It will finally relax, snoozing on the beach and listening to the waves gently lapping on the shore and gulls crying as they wheel in the skies above.
The rock will be picked up by the tide and carried to the sea where it will become sand
I think the rock will find itsself in the sea
what is now a tiny pebble will be washed out to sea and be played with by the animals in the sea
