The rock is going to fall into the ocean, where its going to be stuck until someone comes and takes it to be used as something
The rock finally makes it into the water after being shot out of a cannon.
The rock will sink to the bottom of the sea, and he will eventually be discovered and brought back to the surface by divers 100 or so years after the previous Civil War scene.
I think that the rock golem is going to sink, but will continue to be used and probably made even smaller.
I think the rock will sink to the bottom of the water and finally be able to have some quiet and sleep.
The rock is going to fall into the ocean and the fish are going to make it their home.
The rock will sink to the bottom of the sea where he will finally be allowed to rest.
The rock will land in on the bottom of the water and stay there for a while.
the rock will spend its time underwater
I think the rock will get found by a new person and repurposed again.
The rock will sink to the bottom of the sea and a fisherman will pull him out with a net.
The rock will sink to the bottom of the sea and be eroded down until he is pulled up by a panhandler.
The rock sinks to the bottom of the ocean, stays there for a while, and is ultimately disturbed by snorkelers.
It was relax the Ocean
He finally gets to sleep
The rock thinking he will finally be left alone will be found and used as an anchor maybe...
I think the rock will find a home in the bottom of the water
The fishes will swim faster
the stone was swimming into the sea
I think that the rock will stay at the bottom of the bay for a while.
I think that the rock will be turned into tiny pieces with erosion.
I think the rock will become sand and be swept to the beach.
The rock will settle on the bottom of the ocean, where it will be observed by fish.
I think the boar that is being attacked will sink. I think sea animals will be destroyed.
He will continue trying to find a nice, human free environment.
The creatures of the sea will use the stone as housing for a time.
Several years will pass and the stone will wash-up onto a beach somewhere.
I think in the next 30 seconds the rock will start to disintegrate by the water and waves movement and slowly turn to sand and sut in the ocean.
The rock falls to the bottom and somehow is mad smaller again
The rock will sink to the bottom of the ocean, before being used to create something else, possibly a home for a sea animal.
The rock will sink to the bottom of the sea and get forgotten about
The rock falls to the bottom of the seabed amongst the sea weed where he begins to rest again.
The rock sinks to the sea bed where it is rediscovered by a marine archeologist and brought to surface maybe to go to a history museum
I think the rock is going to sink all the way to the bottom of the ocean and think hes finally at peace until something else comes a long.
