A fish will come and swim by
There will be a strong storm that starts to happen.
The world will change drastically after the mountain goes to sleep
I believe that the mountain will start having a dream about being able to move.
The mountain will sleep
I think a lot of night animals are going to come out and explore once the rock goes to sleep.
The passage of seasons beings as the mountain sleeps through more than just the night.
The mountain sleeps through the night as the landscape changes with the time of day.
The landscape around the mountain changes nature gives way to man as they settle around the mountain. The mountain wakes up scared of the humans and blows his top.
The scene will change from darkness to light.
The big rock will start snoring.
The mountain is going to get smaller due to erosion.
The mountain will explode and spew lava all over the prairie below
The rock will start thinking about his earlier life.
The mountain will wake up and the world will be changed.
I think the land will transform due to the passage of time.
The rock is going to wake up to a very different scenery because it ended up sleeping a long time.
I hink the rock will become a volcano.
The rock will start to cry.
The rock will sleep.
A quick time lapse will happen.
I think it will turn to night as the mountain goes to sleep and the night animals come out.
The mountain will go to sleep and the wind will blow.
the sun comes out
I think this is a dream of the rocks and he is about to wake up.
The land will begin to change while the mountain has it's eyes closed.
The mountain face and surrounding area will change into a different season
I think everything will fall asleep and the stars and moon will come out
The rock rock will fall asleep and get bored because it cant move
I think that a bunch of creatures will come out while the rock is asleep.
the rock goes asleep and there is a storm
The rock will smile.
The mountain will do something with the clouds.
