I think that the screen will turn from black to a scene inclusive of a rock of some kind.
A rock is by itself wishing to be able to be active and move.
A rock is wanting friends.
Someone will pick up rocks from the ground below them
I think there will be some sort of rock shown.
I think that someone will get hit with a rock and be hurt.
The opening scene will show the characters
There will be an image of a rock.
It's impossible to say; all you've shown me so far is a few frames of a black screen. Perhaps Superman will leap a building?
We start to zoom in on an actual stone.
There will be a close up shot of a rock laying in the middle of the street with cars passing by.
They will show a clip of the rock.
A mystery about a rock is what this movie is about
it will show a rock
You will see some more text
You will see a picture of a rock
I will be shown a movie of a rock and what happens on top of or around the rock.
I think there will be a rock shown and some animals or bugs.
I think the screen will show a mountain.
I think there will be a child kicking a rock around.
The actor "The Rock" is going to show up on the screen, fighting people.
It will show a picture of a rock.
A person will walk into a room
It will cut to a opening scene.
I think I'll see a rock
The title screen will continue
I think a rock will come into view
The main character will be holding a rock
We are going to be shown a rock.
I think there will be a rock. I don't know what else.
I think a rock will be shown.
It will be a big rock like a hill or something and people will walk by it
An image of a rock will appear on the screen.
I think I will see a rock lying somewhere.
I think this movie will be about a rock
A movie starring the Rock will begin.
I get to watch something about the rock.
we're going to see more names
The Rock will walk onto the scene.
another word is going to come out in the window
The start of movie trailer staring The Rock.
There will be a rock somewhere
I will see a picture of a rock.
We will see an opening shot of a city or town.
Rocks will show up on the screen.
I think the movie will begin focusing on a rock.
I think the focal point of the movie could be Alcatraz.
A rock will fall out of the sky.
The next 30 seconds will be completely random and nothing that I thought it would be.
An object from space hits the earth.
goes flying through the air
I think that it will show possibly credits to who is starring in this.
I think the scene will open on a man.
I think a picture of a rock will appear after the title fades.
I think a rock will be shown,
show a picture of beach
I think the screen is going to fade into a scene.
Something related to a rock will happen.
I think a rock will come into frame and somebody will come and pick it up.
Dwayne Johnson will appear.
I think we will see a picture of a HUGE rock or rock formation.
A picture of a rock will be shown.
I guess i'm about to see a big rock, or maybe a tiny rock in a big field.
I think the black screen will fade out and the movie will acutally start.
It will show a rock
I think a rock will probably be shown in the beginning of the movie.
a rock will appear in the water
I think we will see a picture of a rock.
Two people will meet by the rock.
I think the movie will start from a wrestling scene with "The Rock".
There will be a picture of a rock.
There will be a rock
I think Dwayne Johnson may appear.
More credits will roll.
introduction to video with words or text
A rock will appear.
It will cut to an image of a normal looking rock sitting in a desert or other natural environment
It will cut to an image of a super buff dude
We will see a rock or rocky landscape
We will see the actor Dwane Johnson
The rock wrestling.
Display more names.
Dwayne Johnson will come up, as his nickname is 'The Rock'
I predict that a rock will appear on the screen first
Its about a rock, i guess they will introductory the rock
The video will start as an image of a rock.
views of the movie like rocks falling
I have no idea what is going to happen next, it just showed the rock! Maybe it will show a picture of a rock and the cows.
i think the film will focus in on a rock that is important to the story
Will show a rock?
I believe a rock will show up.
I will see a rock
another one tries
I think a story about a rock will appear
I imagine a scene in nature with lots of rocks will appear. The opening was very short so i'm unsure.
the rock is going to move.
the main character will be introduced
A goat will be standing on top of a large boulder. It will communicate to another goat that he thinks it is a rock. The other goat will think it is an elephant. The first goat will continue stating that it is indeed a rock.
The video will show an image of a rock
I think there will be an animated rock
I have no idea, I've only seen the title!
