The people will use the rock in the mill
The rock will escape the town
The men will take him to a spot to use him in building their home.
Going to go into the future even more and the rock will still be alive
I feel the rock will be upset that it cannot sleep.
The rock will be destroyed
I think the rock is going to become smaller over time.
The wheel finds itself forgotten once the industrial age passes and eventually someone finds it and makes it into a decoration for their modern home.
The boulder now turned wheel eventually gets re purposed into another tool and another getting smaller and smaller as technology advances.
The Rock will get angry and do something bad to the people.
The grinding wheel is going to break.
A piece of the rock will break off from the mill and become something else.
The rock will start to cry out tears.
The rock will continue being used by humans.
I think the rock will find a way to escape and enjoy his sleep.
I think that they will stop using the rock because time is going to pass again and new technology will take his place.
The rock will become something usefull.
I think the rock will die.
They will show more of what the people have done to the rock.
They will show how they are using that rock for agricultural purposes.
I think the rock will continue to serve as a grinding wheel. It will then be repurposed into something else as the need for the grinding wheel is left behind.
The rock will keep working as a machine piece.
the rock will go out running
I think the rock is going to rebel and do something to the people making it into something.
The rock nose will get a bit smaller as its turned on the wheel. The use of him as a wheel will make new inventions.
They will use the rock to make something, maybe saw it up more and make something else like a house
I think that the rock will contine to be a mill stone before falling alseep again and waking up in another period of history
The rock will be used by humans and will continuously be broken down
I think that the human will throw wheat on to the rock
I think that the rock will try to escape
the rock is turned into a statue
I expect the rock to escape.
I expect the rock to have a breakdown.
The people will make something, using the stone.
