The man will start some eccentric movements with his feet, which the woman will mimic in a sort of dance.
The man will walk towards the lady
He will attempt to make another move hoping that the lady will mimick
The guy is going to run across the street to intercept the girl, maybe he trips.
He's going to get hit by a car, mate.
The guy is going to pretend to trip.
I think the film is going to now show the girl across the street look back over at the man and she will walk faster.
The man will run over to the woman.
The man and woman will continue to walk down the street while mimicking each other's behavior.
The man will approach the woman to talk with her.
I think that the man will keep following the girl
I think the man will cross the street to try and talk to the woman.
The man will ask the lady out.
The man will dance across the road to meet the lady.
the man and woman will continue walking the same direction on opposite sides of the street. periodically mirroring each other.
I think the guy will follow the girl.
the girl will look at him and smile
the man will follow the woman and eventually speak with her.
Going to keep following the girl and see if she is copying him.
I think the man will continue to follow the woman and try to get her attention.
The guy and girl will start dancing in sync,
The man is going to try and walk across the street to approach the woman.
I believe that the man in the video will continue to follow the woman until she meets her significant other.
The man will cross the street to talk to the lady
The woman and the man are going to have similar movements again
the man will continue to observe the woman
I think the woman will imitate the mans movements
I think the man will cross the street and talk to the woman
The man will go talk to the woman.
The woman will flap her arms like a bird.
The man follows the lady.
I think that the ma will walking into a pole while looking at the woman.
I think the characters will end up copying each other in everything that they do.
He will continue to test and see if the movement of his shoes makes her move in the same way.
