I believe the video will start out having something to do with a shoe.
I'll see a cartoon about a shoe.
I think the video will fade in to an image of a shoe.
we will fade in on a shoe
a shoe will be shown
I think we're going to cut to a scene with at least one shoe.
The main character will makes his/her/its first appearance in the film.
The video will cut away to a scene and the scene will involve a shoe in some form. There's really not enough context to make a guess.
An image of a shoe, or a shoe on someone will appear.
I think a shoe will appear in the video and we will follow it walking around.
Someone will be missing a shoe and try to find it.
The movie will show a closeup of a shoe.
A person will be shown shopping for shoes.
A person will be given a shoe as a gift.
I think there will be a picture of a shoe
Some shoes will suddenly show up.
I think the video will begin, and it will fade in on a shot of a shoe.
I think we'll see a shoe on screen.
Something that will happen that involves a shoe
A shoe will appear on the screen.
A house-sized shoe will be shown.
A shoe will drop from the sky.
I think a shoe will appear in screen.
I will see a shoe in the video
They will begin to talk about what to do next
animals have fun
I think a person will be walking.
I think a child will be looking in a window.
I think a shoe will be where someone can't reach it.
A giant shoe with come on screen and music will play and the shoe will tap dance on the screen.
An old lady will be shooing 30 kids away from her large shoe house.
The scene will open up in a huge celebrity shoe closet and one of the Kardashians will pop out and shout, "Shoe!"
We will see an exterior shot.
others will be jerking
an image of a shoe on a floor will appear. It will have eyes but won't talk.
I will see a shoe.
Some style of shoe will be introduced.
I'll see a shoe in the video.
A shoe will pop up
A SHOE WILL APPEAR.
A shoe will be shown.
The individual will fall down
A person will show.
A sneaker will appear on the screen, just a sneaker.
A show will be shown and it will be animated and alive.
A picture of a shoe will appear.
You will see the day in the life of a shoe.
A pair of shoes will show up on screen.
A shoe will appear on the screen.
Someone will buy a shoe.
Someone will throw a shoe.
It will show a picture of a shoe.
I think the movie may show a pair of shoes on a man.
There will be a shoe in the video.
There will be many shoes in the video.
A man buys a pair of shoes
A shoe walks around town
i think it will show a shoe.
i will see a picture of a shoe
A shoe will appear.
An animated shoe will appear and act life-like.
Somebody will put on a shoe.
The video will show a picture of a single shoe that has a missing one.
A shoe will come into the screen, probably flying.
An image of someone's foot will appear on the screen.
one of the person buying a new shoe
pictures or videos of shoes would show.
I think we'll see the life of a shoe.
Will be about a person trying to find their shoe.
Will be about a person trying to put on their shoes but struggle.
A shoe will appear on screen.
I think that the clip's introductory scene will pan to a high heeled shoe.
They will find a shoe.
The movie will open in an apartment with a person getting ready.
A shoe will be shown on screen.
Things will not change within 30 seconds.
I think a shoe will come onto the screen with a light shining on it.
I think it will show a picture of a desirable shoe that everyone wants.
Someone needs a shoe
This is going to be a story about a shoe and the camera will start by showing the shoe and its situation.
I think this shoe is going to be in some sort of predicament.
Someone will see a shoe.
I think it will show a shoe on the next screen.
I think I will watch a movie about a shoe.
Something resembling a shoe appears on film.
There will be a reckoning.
The video will start with a shot of some sort of shoe.
A shoe will appear and nothing else will happen.
Just a guess, it is a cartoon about a magic shoe.
I think a person is going to be shopping in a shoe store.
A person is going to be looking at their shoes in a shoe rack.
There was no video?
A shoe maker might appear and he will start to make a shoe.
Someone will lose their shoe and the story will carry a similar concept to that of Cinderella who loses her heel and the guy trying to find her to give it back.
I think I will see a shoe.
A picture of a show will be shown.
There will be a shoe on the screen.
A image of a shoe will be presented.
I think the video will actually begin and it will be about a shoe.
I think the movie will start by showing a cat sitting in a window.
I predict that the clip will start with a shoe
I think the video will show a shoe.
It will be a video about a lost shoe and trying to find the owner.
Someone's shoe will appear on the screen.
A shoe will appear on screen.
There will be a shoe that is old and stinky
A shoe will appear from the dark.
A shoe will appear.
I will see an setting establishing shot with characters that somehow involve a shoe.
We will see a shoe
The movie will be about a shoe...
The movie will begin.
The movie will start playing
i think another worded message will pop up.
The main character will be introduced onto the screen.
The movie will start with an opening scene in someone's bedroom.
A shoe will emerge in black and white and it starts to walk by itself.
I think a shoe will be shown.
The main character will appear.
I don't know
Someone will find a lost shoe in the street.
The screen will go black and the words will disappear.
There will be a picture of a shoe.
A shoe will pop up into frame for a short period of time.
The camera pans to a shoe.
A big shoe will appear on the screen next.
I think there will be a shoe that's a character in the movie.
I think something will happen with a shoe.
I think that a video about a shoe is going to play.
a shoe will show on the screen
a woman will lose a shoe
a child will put on shoes
a man will lose his shoes
someone will need new shoes
I think that a shoe will come to life, and start running.
I only saw the title of "Shoe" so I'm assuming a shoe will come on the screen.
The movie will open on a cobbler's shop.
The movie will open with a small child who has no shoes.
The movie will open on an animal that finds a shoe.
I think a shoe will appear.
I think a person will be wearing the shoe.
I think the shoe will have human emotion.
I have only seen the movie title - it didn't start playing yet
No guess all I was given was text
There will be a shoe.
An old shoe is going to appear on the screen and start talking
I think there will be a solitary shoe.
I think we will see something related to....wait for it...a SHOE.
We will see a lost shoe
I think the movie will start, since it literally hasn't started yet.
Two people will be talking.
I'll be told a story about a shoe
A shoe is going to appear.
The video will start with a shoe.
The movie opens with a close up of a shoe.
We'll see something about shoes
Something about shoes
Something about a shoe will unfold
A shoe will be sitting on the side of the road. People will periodically pass it until someone picks it up.
Animation about someone who loses their shoe.
Someone will lose or be unable to find a shoe.
The shoe will be sentient.
It will show a shot of a normal-looking shoe.
Someone will put on one shoe only to realize one is missing. They will then start searching for where the shoe will be.
The main character is in a store and asks the retail worker to try on a pair of shoes. They will sit waiting while watching other people try on shoes.
a picture of a shoe will appear
There will be a show advert for a brand like Nike or Adidas
I think the video is going to start showing a shoe, or a person putting on a shoe?
I think it will show a clip of the shoe.
A short film relating to the life of a personified shoe.
There will be a shoe
the advertisement about shoes will appear
I think a clip of a shoe will come next.
we will see a picture of a shoe?
It's going to be a film about a shoe
