The guy will greet the girl and the other man.
I think the guy's shoes are going to start to follow the girl's shoes.
I think the man will cat call a woman.
The man will drink his milk and watch people walk past
The man in a tanktop will pick a fight with him
The two men will get in the car to go to some place to do crime.
The guy will walk over to other guy thats near the car.
the man will have a confrontation with the man walking up
The guy behind him will go up to the lady that the man with the milk is staring at.
the milk dropping on the shoe
I think that the person that is storming out from the background is going to accidentally step on the man's (the one drinking milk) sneaker.
The guy walking up to him is going to be upset about something and this guy is going to be a little scared.
The shoes aren't really going to factor into the next 30 seconds.
The guy might start running.
I think we will see shoes meet other shoes.
The man approaching will tell him that milk is bad for you and that he shouldn't be drinking it.
The guy is going to embarrass him.
The man walking up to the car will punch the man drinking milk.
I think the guy walking out will start to yell at the boy leaning against the car.
I think the man walking up will approach the man drinking milk.
The older man is going to yell at the young man about something.
The dude drinking milk will burp and smile at the woman.
The man will finish his milk and throw his trash on the ground
The man in the white shirt will come over and talk to the man drinking the milk
the character will watch everyone walking in shoes
the main character will start walking with everyone
the main character will spill his milk
the main character will say hello to someone walking
the main character will talk to hisself
This man is going to hit on this lady
I think the guy drinking to the milk will call out to the girl.
I think the guy's friend will continue to walk up him and also look at the girl passing by.
I think the guy with the milk is about to throw his milk carton down to pursue the woman.
I think the guy in the white shirt will pursue the woman and try to block the milk guy from getting to her first.
he is going to walk up to the girl.
He'll call over to the lady
He'll talk to the man about the lady
The man in the white shirt will yell something
I think the man will speak to the neighbours and offer some of his milk.
I think the man will confront the man for drinking his stolen milk.
we will be shown how shoes are made from recycled material.
