The rock is going to fall into the janitor's cart and get dumped into a landfill somewhere
The janitor with his cleaning equipment picks up the rock.
The janitor is going to trip over the rock, and he will put the rock in his pocket and take it with him.
That rock golem is going to end up in the trash and it'll be made smaller while other things continue to use it.
I think the rock will get swept up by the janitor.
The rock is going to get shipped out to a museum and put on display.
The janitor will pick up the rock and put it in the trash.
The rock will be swept up and put in the garbage.
the rock will be picked up by the trash man
The rock will somehow end up in the janitor's cart and go on a new adventure.
The janitor will put him in the trash bin and he will get taken to a dump.
The rock falls in the janitors cart and gets taken away.
It is go to Next creation stone factory
He ends up at the dump
The rock becomes depressed because he can't catch a break. All he wantsis to sleep.
I think the rock will fall in the bin the guy is walking with
Nothing specifically will happen
the man take in to the stone
I think that the rock will land in the trash can.
I think the rock will be taken to the dump where it can rest for a long time.
The rock will tumble into the janitor's garbage can and get thrown out with the trash.
I think the rock will fall into the cleaners "bin" From this he will embark on another adventure.
The rock will free himself and all the other specimens.
The fossil will fall into the janitor supplies and will be used to stop a door from closing.
I think in the next 30 seconds the rock will fall into the hands of the kid that pressed his face against the glass and be stuck in a rock collection.
It lands in a bin and ends up on a rubbish dump?
The rock will fall into the bin where it will be taken to landfill to start its next journey
The rock will end up in the cleaning cart and will end up in a rubbish bin
The rock fall into the waste bin and he is taken to the tip. Here the rock is discovered by child.
Our friends next adventure will involve a trip to the garbage landfill
I think the rock is going to fall into the janitors car and be transported to a new location.
