The rock will lay down and sleep.
Another person will pick up the rock and use it for something.
He walks to a spot near another rock and becomes friends with the other rock.
Rock is going to be picked up by someone and polished as part of a rock collection
The rock will lay down and go back to sleep.
He will finally get some sleep
I think the little rock is going to find a place to sleep peacefully.
The boulder slowly erodes away into nothingness as the depressed music continues.
The rock man finds rock love and make rock babies.
The rock runs into old friends that have also changed much with the times and they reminisce.
The rock will continue to walk away and deteriorate.
The rock is going to try to get some more sleep.
The rock will once again be broken, and become an even smaller piece of the mountain that he once was.
The rock will walk into a kid who wants to throw it as a pebble.
The rock will continue getting smaller.
The rock will be picked up by humans once more.
I think he'll find someone who understands him and won't use him as a tool.
I think somebody is going to end up picking him up and taking him to their home.
The rock will find his pace.
I think that the rock will commit suicide.
The rock will find somewhere to try to rest and probably be disturbed by something again.
The rock will go, sit down and rest on a corner.
I think the stone will be gathered up with other stones and turned into a road or something else useful.
The little rock will interact with the bigger rock.
the rock will seat to rest
I think the rock is going to meet up with other rocks and turn into a big rock.
The sad/tired rock will lay down on the glove up ahead on the trail to rest.
the rock will be used for something else and will eventually not be there anymore
i think the rock will continue to walk the land looking for a home
The now pebble will warn big rocks of the dangers of human
The rock will be picked up by kids and made happy
I think that the rock will hide in the barrel
I think that someone will come along and find the rock, then try to use him for something else
the rock will find a new home with another rock
I expect the rock finds a new place to live.
The rock will be recaptured and used by humanity.
The small rock will warn the mountain about what will happen to him.
