The rock will become smaller in size and roll as time and the seasons change
The rock will become part of the cliff that is moving over him
The rock will be moved to a different location
The mountain will wake up and push aside the glacier.
The rock will continue to be whittled by time, then wake in something like the modern day and be baffled with what became of the world it knew.
The rock will continue to experience a lot of changes to himself and his environment as he sleeps.
The rock will wake up to see how much he and his environment have changed.
I think it will show how the rock transforms and moves to another location.
I think the rock will be pushed into the ocean and become an island.
The rock will be bulldozed until the seasons change again.
The glacier will continue to push the rock on the mountain.
the world is going to get covered in ice
I think that humans will show up.
It will continue to change seasons and more animals will appear.
The landscape and animals will continue to evolve.
The mountain which is now a ball will be pushed to the stoneage of man and turned into a wheel
The next 30 secs will be scenes of the modern day world.
The rock with converge with other rocks to become a mountain.
The rock will roll into the ocean.
The rock will end up on top of a new mountain.
The rock will roll away down a hill and cause some other action to happen.
I think that the mountain will turn from a boulder to a smaller and smaller rock as the elements push it.
the rock is crumbled by ice
More season will pass making the rock change further.
The rock will continue to roll and get a little smaller
The glacier will cover the rock
The rock will probably be crashed into pieces.
I think the rock will turn into a pebble and someone will pick it up.
A meteor will hit the earth and kill all dinosaurs and other living things.
illustration of what is happening to our planet
The rock will crush the bear.
The video will show a time lapse of how the mountain ends up as a small rock
I believe time will continue to pass as we see how the rock changes
Winter will turn into spring
land collapses
I think the rock will be trapped in ice but eventually thaw out in a new environment.
I think the next environment will be very hot/fiery.
