The wildebeest will be eaten by an alligator
I think that the object will rotate and show an eye in the water.
I think the alligator will eat the buffalo.
the crocodile is going to jump up and bite the yak
The cow that jumped on the object in the water will fall off.
The other moose will also step on the alligator or log.
The moose on the alligator will start to ride on the alligators back.
The crocodile will eat the buffalo
The other bull is going to try and get on but fall into the water
I think the alligator will eat the animal.
The alligator will pop up because its not a log.
the alligator will move
An alligator will come up out of the water with the cow on its back.
The animal on the object will jump on it.
The second cow will enter the water because it believes the object is a log.
The bison continues to try to convince the others that the object is a crocodile; they refuse to acknowledge it, as the bison escalates the annoyance.
The crocodile turns over and eats one the animal on his back.
The moose (?) who entered the water will be startled by whatever this object really is.
The alligator will lift it's head above the water and eat the cow that is standing above him.
The crocodile will turn over in the water and eat the animal on top of it.
I think that the alligator will move.
It will sink and the the other will laugh.
I think that the wildebeast that climbed on the "log" is going to get attacked by an alligator.
I still believe an alligator will pop up
the moose is going to fall into the water
the alligator is going to eat the moose
The crocodile will pop upcd
The crocodile will finally wake up and eat the animal
The animal will stand on the thing in the water and jump up and down
I think the alligator will attack the animal.
The cattle will be eaten by a crocodile/alligator.
I think a crocodile will jump up and eat the animal.
The buffalo is standing on a crocodile and it will get mad and attack the buffalo.
The crocodile is going to let the first one get away with it but he's going to eat the second one.
I think an alligator will turn around and scare the animal.
I think the alligator will pop up and show that it is not a tree
The crocodile will rise from the water.
crocodile is going to catch the animal
The animal will fall off of the log.
I think the alligator in the water will eat the buffalo
The thing will jump out and eat the animal.
The wildebeast is going to slip off the piece of wood and fall into the water
I think the log will tip over causing the moose to fall into the water.
I think the "rock" is an animal and will swim away.
The gator will eat him
I think that it's still an alligator and it will come out of the water after he stepped on it
one of the buffalo is going to get eaten
I think the alligator will flip around and the animal will fall into the water.
The ox that has been saying it is an alligator will now change its mind and say it is a log.
I still think it is a crocodile. It's gonna eat that animal.
The crocodile finally pops out of the water to prove that it is a crocodile the one that said it was a log will run away.
I think the crocodile will eat the bison.
I think the crocodile will knock the buffalo off and eat it
The animal will attempt to get on the rock to prove his/her point, and will get eaten by the crocodile.
The alligator will eat the wildebeest
I think a crocodile will pop up and eat the wildebeest that's on the log.
I think the alligator will pop it's head out of the water.
The crocodile will spring up and bite the cow.
Bull will fall in the water.
The alligator will attack while the buffalo is on its back.
I think the object will turn out to be a crocodile and attack the buffalo on his top.
alligator is gonna eat him
The cow will continue to insist it's an alligator.
bison will get eaten
the crocodile is going to stick out his head from the water
It really is an alligator and he is going to try to eat the animal.
The cow is going to fall into the water.
The alligator will eat the water buffalo.
The alligator will eat the cow
The log will roll over
The alligator will eat the animal on it, and then the other one will "say" alligator
I think the other animal will also try to jump in
The other cow will jump on the thing in the water.
The animal will be eaten by a crocodile.
A crocodile will emerge from the water.
The cow will get eaten.
The crocodile will pop up and eat the buffalo.
The other animal will jump on with the first one.
The alligator will eat the animal.
The crocodile will wake up
I think an alligator will come out of the water.
The alligator will jump out of the water and scare the cows.
the cow is going to be eaten.
The other one will jump on the back of the crocodile
I think the thing in the water will turn out to be an alligator and eat the buffalo standing on it.
Okay, maybe it is a log! I think the animal standing on the log will fall in the water.
I think that the ox will fall into the water and be angry because it was just a log and now it's wet.
I think that the buffalo will leave and it will be a crocodile.
The buffalo continue to pester the alligator until it takes the opportune time to attack.
Turns out its a log, it rolls over and the animal has to swim out.
crocodile killed the Cow
I think the animal on the log will jump in the water.
nothing guess its a log
I think the bull is going to safely step back onto land.
the log will roll over
the alligator will rise and eat the remaining ox knocking off the one on its back.
I think that the item in the water is an alligator and is going to scare the moose.
The alligator pops out
The animal on top of the thing in the water will get scared by something.
The crocodile eats the buffalo.
I think the crocodile will swim away some, then rear up and eat the cow on it's back.
The alligator swims away.
The animal that stepped onto it is going to be eaten by an alligator.
The buffalo will get chomped up.
the gator is going to eat the wildebeest
I think the Alligator or Crocodile is just biding it's time and is going to pop out of the water now.
A crocodile tired of waiting will finally eat the buffalo.
The buffalo wil be eaten by the cocodrile
I think the aligator will eat the buffalo.
The moose will sink.
I think the alligator will show and eat the animal that stepped on him
croc raises it's head
The crocodile will harm the bull
They will keep arguing about what the log is and do more "tests" to find out.
I believe an alligator will eat the cow.
I believe the cow will fall off the log.
The buffalo will fall of the object into the river.
The alligator will attack the animal.
the other animal will join his friend on top of the alligator.
The object probably IS an alligator, and it is now going to open its jaws and catch the cow!
It will turn out to be an alligator and eat one.
I think the crocodile will attack the animal on it's back.
The log will sink into the water.
the crocodile eating the cow
I think the thing in the water is going to be an alligator.
I think the cow will be eaten.
The buffalo will be thrown off the log.
I think the alligator will try to eat one of the water buffalo.
I think it will turn out the object was an alligator after all and the one on top of it will be in serious trouble.
The alligator will move around and scare the bull.
The wildebeest will be proven right and get eaten by a crocodile.
It is a crocodile and it is going to eat one of them.
that must be crocodile that will hunt the wild beast
The best will get off the alligator and go into the water.
The animal will likely be eaten by the crocodile it just jumped on.
The "log" will suddenly turn over and eat the animal.
The alligator will wake up and try and eat the cow that jumped on it
an animal will stand with the sheep on top.
I think the crocodile will rise up from the water.
It will turn out to be a sleeping crocodile and eat its prey
The investigating bull will be taken under water by what will be a crocodile, and the other bull that guessed log will change its guess to crocodile.
The object in the water will begin to drift away from, taking the bull with it.
The croc will rise up and attack the animal
The object will be an alligator and flip over.
I think the Oxe will fall in the water and then the alligator will eat him.
The log bison will act very pleased with the accuracy of its prediction
The "log" will suddenly lurch, turning out to be a crocodile after all
I think in the next 30 seconds the alligator will start to float away with the bison on its back.
There will be a pause, then the 'log' will eat the buffalo standing on its back
The large piece of land will actually turn out to be a very large animal that rises out of the water. The tiny island with the moose on it will be safe.
The crocodile will wake up with the animal on top of him
I think the cow will fall into the water.
The gator will finally wake up after the animal has jumped back off it
The alligator will pop up. I don't think it's a log.
I think the other cow will jump on the object in the water too
I think the crocodile's head will come out of the water and the animal will fall off scared
I think it will be a crocodile and it will try to bit the animal/buffalo but the animal will escape in enough time
I still think its a crocodile and maybe it'll eat the animal that thought it was a log.
The moose will jump on the alligator until it wakes up.
He will float away on the log
It turns out the log is a crocodile and begins to move.
I think that it is a piece of log that leads to other pieces of logs
I think a crocodile will rise from the lake and the bull will fall into the lake
I think the alligator will react to the animal jumping on top of it and flip the animal into the water.
The second animal will go inside too
The crocodile is going to show its head and attack the cow!
Its just a log and the cow standing on top of the object shows a picture of the log.
I think now the bull is on top of the item it will turn out to be a crocodile which will start to move.
The crocodile will lift its head.
The deer will begin to sink.
i think the alligator will prove itself to be an alligator by attacking the character on top of him
Buffalo will fall into the water revealing the crocodile/log
I predict the object will turn out to be a crocodile.
A crocodile will appear and start to move with the other animal on its back
The animal will fall off the rock, and get eaten by an alligator.
It will be an aligator
he falls off the log
I think it will be an alligator and it will eat the elk
I think the animal will sink into the water on the log/alligator
I think there is another a chance that the first animal will invite the second to join then on top of the log/alligator.
the cow is going to sink into the river.
The cow thinks its a log and is going to step onto it to cross the river.
the animal will get eaten
I think that a crocodile will appear from somewhere (not the log)
The bull will sink into the water.
Croc swims away
the crocodile will jump up and the other animal will fall in the water
The croc will move off with buffalo
The crocodile will gobble up the first bison. The second bison will then turn to another bison and communicate that it's a log in the water.
I think the animal is going to fall into the water and be eaten by a crocodile.
The crocodile will raise its head out of the water and frighten the animal
I think the crocodile will stand and have the buuffalo on its back
I still think it will turn out to be a crocodile and eat the unwary Wildebeest
The crocodile will come to life and snap at the bull on its back
I expect the animal to fall off!
The animal will fall off and be attacked by the object which is actually a crocodile!
The buffalo on top of the thing will think he is safe.
