The rock will come off the workbench once it breaks and be repurposed even smaller into a new object
The rock will be reattached to the workbench once it breaks
The rock will try to escape
The rock will be put next to a river.
The rock/wheel will come loose from the mill, and roll away, into ever more despondent situations.
The rock will go through a lot more changes to himself as humans start adapting their environment to their needs.
I think the rock will come off the mill and be used to from something else.
I think the rock will be left in the mill after it is not longer used.
The rock is going to keep spinning until he gets sick and explodes.
It'll show the rock now unused because of technological advancements.
the rock is going to get mad and go on a rampage
I think that time will pass and the flour mill will be abandoned.
The house will break apart from an earthquake and the rock will be free.
The rock will be left alone again.
The wheel will be crafted into a rolling wheel on a wagon
Time will continue to accelerate until we see the present time.
The rock will tumble on the ground and roll out of the house.
The rock will wake back up on top of the mountain and this was all a dream.
The rock will wake up from its dream and realize it hasn't moved from its original spot.
I think the stone in the mill will crack from all of the pressure.
the rock is dizzy
Time will pass and the rock will go through another change
The rock will get smaller
The rock will feel sick and break, the humans will eventually abandon him all alone.
the mill stone will break
The rock will probably speak up to the people.
I think that time will past to the future and the rock will sleep.
The rock break from overuse.
The weather will begin to turn dark and stormy
The rock will be exhausted.
He will get worn down over time and left
I believe the rock will try to get away from the people.
The rock will be replaced wit metal
he tries to escape
I think the bolder will continue to be annoyed by the humans.
I also think the bolder will try to escape the mill where he is being used to grind materials.
