The rock will be collected by some kids as a toy
The rock will be used for something useful this time
The rock will be used as a decoration.
The rock will be claimed by a painter, and used as inspiration for a still life.
The rock will be taken care of by a child or enthusiast who is interested by the rock.
I think someone picks up the rock and uses it as a gardening stone.
I think someone takes the rock and turns it into a tool for a garden.
Someone is going to pick up the rock, take him someone else, and mold him into whatever they need him to be.
The person will pick up the rock and carve it into something else.
the rock is going to get used for something else
I think someone will chisel a small sculpture out of the rock.
The person will grab the rock and chop it down even more for something else. The rock will continue to be unhappy.
The person will use the rock for a decoration.
A boy will pick up the stone and play with it
The stone will be used again as a bullet for a gun
The rock will be used as a tool of some kind.
The rock will wake up and look for a new home.
The person grabbing the rock will use it as a slingshot.
The person grabbing the rock will polish it and keep it as their rock collection.
This time, the rock was not dreaming and will become useful to another human being in some mundane way.
I think that the human who is touching the rock will make something nice from it. Like a carving.
the rock is used by humans again
The rock will be used as a toy
A small farming tool will be created with the rock.
The person will pick up the rock and take it home with them since it is now so smooth and oddly shaped.
someone will throw the rock
The farmer will probably pick up the stone.
The person will use the rock as a pet rock.
The rock will be carved into some kind of tool (i.e., spoon, knife, hammer)
someone will pick up the 'rock' and skip him on the water
The rock will find a new home.
The rock will again be used by man as something, he will not be able to rest
I believe a child find the rock and keep it.
The rock will become smaller and return to sand
hes savedby animals
I think the rock might get used one more time and become smaller.
I also think that after becoming smaller it will eventually return to it's original environment and finally be able to rest.
