He'll wake up and start having a more lively conversation. She'll enjoy it at first but then start to miss her old husband.
She'll realize she liked her old husband more and call the company to get him back, but they'll already have wiped his memory or broken him down for parts or something like that.
She will be unhappy with this one also and trade him in for a female.
They start to have conversation and she likes him at first until he becomes annoying.
the woman will get to know what the new robot is like.
I predict the new robot will come to life and tell the lady about himself. The robot will then ask the lady questions about herself.
The man takes a drink.
She will interact regarding their anniversary.
I think they will probably have sex.
I think the woman will try to start up a conversation with this new unit and find that she doesn't have much in common with it.
The woman will communicate with the new unit and try to get to know it.
The new robot boyfriend will be more satisfactory.
she will attempt the anniversary dinner again
The new robot boyfriend isnt going to be anything like she expects
She is abou sit down at the dinner table and get to know her new robot companion. She finds out that it nothing like she thought it would be.
I think the robot and her will have a conversation.
She's going to be satisfied with the new model, before he too starts malfunctioning.
I think the dinner is going to go in a direction the woman is not expecting. Her new unit wont be polite and mannerly.
She's not going to like this one very much either.
The new humanoid is activated, and he proceeds to interact with the woman
The woman and the robot will start a conversation. She will try to ascertain whether this new robot fits her needs better.
She will get to know her new robot husband and have dinner with him.
Woman starts conversation with robot about their anniversary again.
she will start eating and tell him it's their anniversary
The new robot will be closer to what she wanted but have some unexpected quirks.
The woman will meet the new boyfriend and get to know him by talking to him.
The new boyfriend unit will not work, or be dysfunctional somehow.
Somehow he's going to say something and she's going to be displeasured by it
The woman will enjoy getting to know her new robot boyfriend and him getting to know her.
The new robot is very proactive and wants to give the woman a massage.
He will power up and start acting like her husband.
The new boyfriend is going to be different than the old one, but still dissapoint her in some way and she will miss the old one
the attitude of this new male will change and probably to what the female likes
