The woman will finish her dinner.
The couple will go to bed
The woman will wait awhile before she turns the robot man back on.
The woman will reset the boyfriend to factory settings.
The woman will carry her boyfriend into the bed room.
The woman will hide he boyfriend in a wardrobe.
I think she will resume eating dinner.
The woman let the man-robot fall off the chair and just walks away.
She will return it to the store.
She'll drag him off and reprogram him somehow.
The woman is going to go back to drinking wine
They will get up on the table and have sex.
The woman will reprogram the robot to do what she says to do.
Wow, I wasn't expecting that. Hmm, I think the male figure might turn himself on.
I think the women will turn the male back on and restart the dinner again to see if she can get what she wants.
she will give him a different attuide
the girlfriend will put him to rest.
She's going to put the robot guy to sleep.
I think the girlfriend will realize that her life isn't complete with having a robot as a boyfriend.
She plugs him into a charger to refresh his batteries.
I think that the woman will rape the man.
The boyfriend (who apparently isn't human) is now turned off. But the girlfriend goes ahead and has sex with him.
she will modify him somehow
she is going to put him away and plug him in to charge
I think she will let him fall to the floor.
He will refuse to have sex with her.
She will walk away from the dinner table and leave the man robot sitting there.
She's going to put him to bed.
she will pour him a drink
She would return back to her seat and stare at him across the table
Well, that was out of left-field. I knew he seemed robotic but the off-switch was still surprising. I think this turned out not to be romantic drama OR horror, but science fiction. We are about to learn that they live in a world whereby people have already used androids for ages, and this lady has a "stable" of boyfriend androids she "maintains," as per the High Maintenance title at the start.
