The woman will get aroused.
The couple will now go to bed
The man is going to keep messaging the woman and kiss her.
The woman will find some defect with this mode.
She will continue talking and will say something like I came home and cooked this food.
I think he will turn off a switch that she has.
I think he will hurt her.
He starts to caress the woman's shoulders and face. The woman stops talking.
He will finish her massage and they will keep eating.
He'll massage her for a little longer and then they'll kiss.
The woman is going to take the robot husband to bed.
He massages her neck, they will go to the bedroom and have sex.
The robot-man will revel that she is robot too and shut her off.
Now I think the male robot is going to kill the women. Yes, that is exactly what I think.
I think he is going to choke the women.
i think the robot will want to replace her
things will get intense and probably sensual
They will have sex.
He will find out she's a robot and turn her off.
He will continue giving a steamy massage but she will stop him because she misses the old model
The robot will undress the woman.
He keeps talking to her and eventually they have sex.
he's gonna kill her!!
he is going to begin to massage her, and the get a little rough
I think he will glitch out and choke her.
The boyfriend will kiss the girlfriend's neck.
The man robot is going to turn off the girl robot using the power switch on the back of her neck.
He will turn her off, since she is a robot as well.
she will be a robot and he will turn her off
he will continue to give her a massage and she will enjoy it
He's going to attempt to make out with her
Here we will find that the lady herself is an android! And that basically this whole society are androids.
Here the new android will murder this lady by breaking her neck, in an echo to how she deactivated the last android via the neck. I don't know whether the android is malfunctioning or whether Prometheus robots wanted it to kill her for some nefarious reason.
