The operator will suggest a new unit.
She will order another android.
The lady on the phone will ask the woman if she would like to have a newer version sent to her.
The woman will get a newer model of boyfriend and not like it either.
The customers service person will offer her another unit. Some better version.
She will order a replacement husband.
The operator will suggest another model and the woman asks about another model.
She will get another robot.
The tech support person will suggest a firmware update and her boyfriend will become more interesting and passionate.
The woman is going to order a new robot husband.
She places an order for a newer model that she finds attractive, and is happy when it arrives
The lady will buy a different robot to keep her company.
Hmmm, I still think that the male robot is going to turn himself back on.
I think the women is going to exchange the male robot for a different model.
he will be upgraded
She orders another version or requests for an upgrade.
The lady will order a new robot husband.
I think she will trade in her old robot (boyfriend) for a newer model.
She will ask for a newer model that is adventurous
The woman will order a new robot to please her.
She sends her man back and gets a new guy who is more adventurous.
the scene will break out to give you a bigger picture of the reality they are showing you
she is going to request a replacement
I think the operator will suggest a more recent model as a replacement.
She is going to order a more adventurous robot.
She will order a new robot and forget about the one she currently has.
She will order her new robot lover.
she will exchange him for an upgraded model
She would get no good suggestion from the customer care line
The last prediction wasn't far off! She will have a very weird conversation with customer service at Rent-a-Robot, and we will subtly learn more about her dead husband/boyfriend whom she is trying to (unsuccessfully) replace with an android. Needless to say, this attempt at simulated intimacy with a synthetic object with no will of its own will fail, and she will never be able to resurrect the dead.
