The woman will order a replacement bot and ask that her current one be returned.
The woman will order a new android.
I think the woman will want to buy a new robot.
She tells the service representative that her robot is defective and that she wants a different one delivered.
She gets help rebooting their relationship.
Woman orders a different robot
She's going to order something.
The woman will order another 'boyfriend'.
The woman is going to ask to exchange the current robot she has with the one she was viewing on the computer.
I think the woman will ask for an upgraded robotic husband and order one to replace the one she has.
The woman will "order" a new AI boyfriend - just for the night.
She is going to order a robot husband lol.
She is planning on returning or exchanging the robot she has for a better or different one.
SHE ASKS FOR NEW ROBOT.
I think she will order a new boyfriend but he will have his own set of problems.
She is going to order a new android.
The woman will ask to exchange her current boyfriend for a new one.
She talk on the phone with the robotics company's customer service and asks about trading in her current robot boyfriend model for a new one.
she will order another robot and get rid of the old one. I think the new one will be a real bad boy and a little rough
The woman is going to ask if she can return her boyfriend and order a new one.
She will request the robot in the t shirt
She will order another robot man for herself
She is going to order a new robot husband, and possibly call to have the old one taken away.
She will order another male companion.
i think she will ask for an escort
i think she will ask for marriage counseling
She orders another robot for companionship.
She orders a new robot boyfriend.
He will come back to life despite being switched off and hear her making the phone call
She will say her robot is malfunctioning
The woman asks if she can exchange her robot for another model.
Shes phoning to say that the robot she has already is faulty and she would like to swap with another one
She wants to change the current robot so shes thinking about sending him back and replacing him with the one shes found online
