She will offer him something else like dessert or a romantic invitation and he'll refuse that too.
There will be a loud fight over her expectations of affection and his need to be responsible to his job.
She will get drunk and start yelling at him.
The couple will begin an argument.
I predict the lady will pour herself more wine and then the couple will continue eating in silence.
The woman gets up and leaves the table.
She will try to be seductive.
I think they will get into an argument.
I think that her boyfriend will get upset with her for downing her glass of wine.
The woman will slam the glass down and start yelling at the man, as he seems to be being condescending with her.
They will have an argument.
they will argue.
The woman is going to throw the wine glass at the man
The female character is about to start an argument with her husband about work.
I think the women will cry.
I think they will get into a fight.
After she finishes drinking the screen will cut to black and show a new text complaint and scene
I think the female will get tipsy and begin to argue.
They will start arguing.
The interactions between the two individuals will continue to be awkward and limited
I believe the man will decide to go ahead and follow along with the female and take a drink.
The man will get angry with the woman
The woman on screen will start conversation about their relationship with the man.
the man will yell at the woman for drinking
This couple will get into an argument.
The two people will get into a verbal dispute or argument.
The couple will continue having a pleasant meal together
He's going to criticize her for her drinking
She's going to get angry about him being uptight
The girlfriend will tell her boyfriend that he is never avaliable for their anniversary and that this happens every year.
The girlfriend will drink more wine and try to seduce her boyfriend.
The woman will pour another wine and the man may make a negative comment about how much she is drinking.
The lady will pour herself another glass of wine. He will continue eating.
I think she is going to get mad at her boyfriend
the boyfriend will drink water
