The guy is going to be left alone in the room
He will interrogate the prisoner.
It will go back to the game show.
tom hanks has a conversation with a prison inmate
The French officer will open a window so the FBI agent can talk to the prisoner.
The French police officer will let the FBI agent in the same room as the prisoner.
I think the jailer will continue to tell Tom Hanks' character how to appropriately interact with Frank Abagnale and then Tom Hanks' character will interview him.
The officer will continue to express commands telling the other person what not to do. The officer will then instruct the person to sit down and wait until he returns with the prisoner.
The movie clip keeps playing and the bad guy comes into the cell.
the character being given instruction will not follow the instruction
The person will sit down and start talking to the other person through his door but he won't respond.
Frank will proclaim his innocence.
I think the person who was told to sit there and not open the door will sit there and as he is told.
I think the guard will open a door to a cell where the detective will question someone who knows about the man on the game shows crimes.
I think Tom Hanks talks to a prisoner.
The man will sit down and not open the door or the small drawer
The FBI agent will begin asking the prisoner questions.
The prison guard will continue telling the man the rules of his visit.
The guard will retrieve Abignal.
The detective is going to sit down and wait for Frank to brought out.
I think the man will finish telling the inmate the rules of the place, then the accused man will sit down and think about what his life will be like.
i think he will enter the cell and talk to the prisoner
he will speak to Frank.
The cell is empty.
The man explains to the FBI agent all the rules about what not to do with the prisoner.
he will meet with the guy
The man on the right will probably interrogate the man on the left from America.
The prisoner is interviewed by Tom Hanks
It looks like a Tom Hanks movie. I think he will take a seat and speak with a convict of some type as they appear to be in a foreign country.
The guard asks him not to pass the prisoner anything then brings him out
The person speaking will carry on giving more instructions "you do not ouch anything", "you do not speak".etc.
The man will try to run away!
The detective will sit on the chair and question the conman who is in prison.
