I think the animal may sink into the water.
An Alligator will jump up and the animal will fall off
I think the other animal will also step on the log.
The log will end up being a gator
The object will rise out of the water and turn out to be a crocodile/alligator
The one who just stood on the mystery object will look back at the other and shrug and say [log].
The object will indeed be a croc/alli and its head will come up and look at the one on its back.
I think the object in the water is a log or some sort of debris, and the animals will clumsily continue to inspect it
The cow will fall off a log.
The cow will get attacked or eaten by a croc.
It'll turn into a croc and eat him.
A crocodile will eat the animal.
I predict that the animals will get eaten by the crocodile
An alligator eats the animal that just stood on top of it.
it will be revealed that what the wildebeest is standing on is something else than what they think
The thing will jump out of the water and it will become obvious that it is an alligator.
The log will flip over and send the buffalo into the water.
The alligator will begin to swim away from shore.
a crocodrile will stand an go out the lake
It will be a log and he will roll over and fall into the water and the other cow will laugh at him.
The wildebeest will get eaten.
I think the crocodile will start swimming with the animal on its back.
the alligator will swim away with the moose on the back.
the cow falls in the water
The crocodile is going to wake up and scare the buffalo
The buffalo will jump off the object and will continue to try and disturb it.
I think the alligator will attack the cow.
I think the buffalo will fall in the water.
I think the buffalo will be attacked by a crocodile.
I think it may turn out to be something else that neither of them is guessing.
The animals will continue to try and figure out what's in the water and both of their initial guesses will likely be wrong.
The buffalo will get eaten
The object will turn out to be an alligator which will then either scare or attack the yak.
The alligator will raise his head and the bull will jump off
The alligator will eat his friend
The crocodile is going to start swimming away from the shore and the wilder beast will panic.
I think the object will turn out to be an alligator and start swimming away with the bull on its back
The other ox will also jump on the object in the water.
I think the object in the water will start to and might actually be an alligator.
I think the animal will fall off the log
I think when the second oxen steps on the alligator it will become perturbed and respond.
The crocodile is tricking the two animals.
he dies and gets eating by a gator
I think the alligator will raise it's head up and turn to look at the animal that has jumped onto its back.
I think the thing in the water will start to move with the animal atop it.
the alligator is going to wake up
I think the buffalo will sink with the log.
I think the thing in the water will be something strange and not a crocodile or a log.
I think the cow will get eaten by whatever is in the water.
I think an alligator will pop up.
The buffalo will fall off the log into the water
The object will start moving with the animal. Taking the animal down the river.
I think he'll fall off the log.
A crocodile with jump up and eat the buffalo.
The buffalo will start to drift away on the log.
The floating object will eat the ox because it is an alligator.
The log turns out to be an alligator and it eats the bull.
I think the crocodile is just baiting them, and it is going to attach when they enter the water.
The alligator will eat the gazelle which guessed it correctly.
they're going to continue doing things to test which theory is correct?
The animal on the log will jump up and down on it.
I think the thing in the water will be an alligator and it will pop up out of the water.
I think the thing in the water will be a log and it will flip with the beast on top of it.
The object will turn out to be a log and the cow will float away.
The alligator will jump up now.
The animal will keep jumping on the alligator/crocodile's back. The alligator/crocodile will rise, annoyed, and frighten the elk (?) away.
he will fall off the log.
The wildebeest will fall off the object into the water.
The log will turn out to be an alligator after all.
The alligator will bite the other cow when it enters the water.
The alligator will swim away with the buffalo.
The second water buffalo will jump on the log.
I Still believe that an alligator or crocodile will try to eat the buffalo that jumped on top of it (assuming it is an alligator.)
the alligator will eat one of them
The log turns out to actually be a crocodile.
It turns out the object is a crocodile and not a rock and it eats the animal that stepped on it.
The wildebeest that jumped onto the object will fall into the water.
Next the crocodile will eat the wildebeest
The alligator will throw the bull up into the air
That cow is going to die.
The thing that the animal is standing on will raise out of the water and start to move.
I think the log will start spinning and the animal will fall in the water
I think the crocodile is going to float away from the shore and jump up and grab the bull that is on top of it.
I think the alligator will rise out of the water.
I think that the crocodile will roll over and the bull will fall in the water.
An alligator will eat the animal
Something will come out of the water to attack them.
Croc will eat one of the animals
I think an alligator will come out of the water and scare the animals.
They will discover that it's a log like the animal on the right is saying.
I think it will turn out to be piece of wood but an alligator will show up too.
I think the alligator will make the animal fall into the water.
I think the animal falls into the water.
The alligator will eat the cow.
The rock the buffalo jumps on will all of a sudden rise out of the water revealing to be an alligator.
The buffalo will freak out and try to jump off of its back.
the wilde beast is going to get eaten
He will get eaten by an alligator
The cow that stepped onto what he thinks is a log is going to get attacked by an alligator
I think the crockadile will eat the yak.
One of the oxen will jump on the object
I still think an alligator is going to pop out of the water suddenly.
I think that whatever that is it's standing on will arise and will fall over.
I feel like the alligator will jump up and eat one of the sheep and also potentially eating the other sheep right after.
The bison will fall off into the water.
The thing in the water ends up being an angry crocodile.
The crocodile will go after the bison that fell into the water.
They will both get on the log
the log will turn out to be an alligator that wakes up.
The log will float away.
The alligator will turn over.
The alligator will remain still
The alligator will start to move.
I think that the log is going to turn out to be an alligator and jump up.
I think the log is going to sink.
I think the crocodile will throw him in the water
I think the alligator will wake up and and eat the bull.
An alligator will bite the buffalo
The buffalo will sink in the water
i think the animal will get eaten by an alligator
i think the animal will fall into the water
I think the object will turn out to be an alligator and eat one of the animals.
I think the oxen will fall into the water and be scared by the alligator
The thing reveals itself to be an alligator and tosses off the deer creature
I think it's going to be neither a crocodile or a log. I think the thing in the water is a surprise.
I think a crocodile will come out of the water and eat one of them.
I think the "log" will sink.
I think the other animal will jump to the log.
The alligator will come out of the water
The buffalo that is poking the thing will jump on top of the thing.
it will be an alligator and will fall in the water
I think the crocodile will start moving
An alligator will appear.
The object in the water will dump the animal off its back and the animal will fall into the water.
The crocodile will kill the ox
The thing in the water will start moving under the Ram.
I think the crocodile is going to swim away.
The log will start to float away
I think alligator will pop up.
Crocodile will show up after they leave
It turns out to be a log and the bison? starts sinking into the water and panics!
I think the object in the water will start moving away from the shore with the cow/ox on it's back.
It's actually going to be a crocodile and attack them.
The animal will fall into the water.
The alligator flips over and tries to bite the other one.
The thing in the water ends up being an alligator.
The object will either cause the oxen to sink if it's a log, or it will attack the oxen if it's a cocodile.
he will eat him
I think the buffalo that got onto the object in the river is going to be eaten by a crocodile because it is trying so hard to convince the other buffalo it is arguing with that it is in fact a crocodile.
The alligator is going to eat the cow.
I predict that they will find out that it's just a log.
I think the deer will fall off of the log.
The crocodile will probably attack the buffalo.
The item will start to move away and the moose become trapped.
I think it will eventually be a crocodile or an alligator that will make the buffalo on top of him jump in the water.
one of the animals gets eaten
the cow thats convinced its a crocodile will fail to prove it
the cow that thinks its wood will regret it
The animal that jumped on the crocodile will surely be attacked by it
I think the thing in the water is going to give the two animals a fright
The log sinks?
The log will actually be a crocodile and will turn over scaring the animals
The thing in the water will in fact be a crocodile and toss the one standing on his back into the water.
The 'log' will indeed be a crocodile and it will open up its jaws suddenly and scare off the bison.
I think the cattle will sink.
The log will turn out to be a crocodile and move away from the edge of the water.
The second ox will jump on the log too.
i think the crocodile will throw the animal (moose) into the water
I still believe it's a crocodile and now the Buffalo(?) will find out and be scared.
A second unseen alligator attacks the Wildebeest.
that the thing in the water is neither a log or a croc
that it is a croc and will attack
I feel like the animal of the log will get the other animal to join and then the log will sink
I think the animal will fall into the water and get eaten
The other bull will follow suit and jump onto the crocodile/log, and if that's a crocodile, the crocodile will start attacking the bulls and eat them.
I think that the crocodile will keep still and not move
I think that the cow will get eaten by the crocodile
The alligator will turn around and open its mouth.
The crocodile will roll over.
The log will flip and it will be a crocodile
The crocodile will swim away, and then eat the animal
The other animal will cross to the same place as the first animal.
I think the item will still turn out to be a crocodile, and the bison standing on it will jump back to the shore
The alligator will eat the buffalo
I think the cow on the alligator will get eaten.
the log will roll and the animal will fall in
The animal will be startled when a crocodile wakes up.
The animal will fall into the water.
The "log" will turn out to be an actual log and the wildebeest will go back on land.
The "log" will turn into a crocodile and look at the wildebeest standing on top of it.
I think that the second animal will also jump onto the log.
I think that the bison will find out that it is standing on a crocodile.
The animal will fall into the water.
a crocodile will pop up and knock the cow into the water.
I STILL THINK HE'S GOING TO GET EATEN
The log starts to rise out of the water and the wildebeest gets carried away.
The buffalo is going to fall in the water.
The other Buffalo is going to jump on as well.
The log of wood will sink under the weight of the buffalo
The alligator will rise to the surface and opens its mouth
The other animal will jump on it
The crocodile will raise it's head and smile.
