Frank needs to buy a black suit because he didn't have one to wear.
Frank Sr. buys his son a suit, and they proceed to attend an important meeting that Frank Sr. has, in which he will bring his son along
They rush into the unopened store to find a suit.
We'll see how Frank Jr. realized that his father was not the man he thought he was.
Frank Jr gets a suit to help his father try to pull off a con.
His father gives him some money after they pull off the con.
It's going to be the prison guards.
The store is closed so Frank Sr. tries to convince the woman to let them in to buy a suit. He is able to bribe her with a necklace.
Frank will try on a new black suit.
The woman will open the door for the men and ask what's so important.
The clerk will open the door for Frank and his dad.
Frank's dad will tell the clerk they need to buy Jr a suit.
The father will buy jewelry for the mother.
Frank Jr. and his father with try to con the blonde woman.
Frank Sr coaxes the store owner to let them in early. Frank Jr flirts with the woman to help his father get him a suit.
They will the clerk that they need a suit for a funeral
The blonde lady will trip when she opens the door.
I believe that the lady will let the men in and have a nice chat about something.
Franks dad will give her jewlery
They rush out the house
They will go to something important for the father
Frank Sr. and Frank Jr. get the woman to open up the suit store for them so they can get Frank Jr. a suit.
Frank Jr. will get fitted to a suit.
Frank's father takes him into work to show him what he does.
The are going to enter the store and get Frank Jr a suit.
Frank Jr. and Sr. are going to try get Frank Jr.'s suit so that he can attend this board meeting that Frank Sr. was talking about. Pam is going to try to accommodate them and get the suit for them.
They get a suit for Frank jr after the shop is opened early for them.
dad frank buys little frank a new suit and takes him into work with him
The woman will open the door.
Someone will come inside.
Frank Jr. is introduced to his father's business and starts to work there instead of going to school
The conman and his father steal a suit.
