He is going to make a speech to accept the award.
The main character receives accolades for his abilities as a pilot
The main character remains unamused by the award ceremony, and another pilot proceeds to take the stage
Someone is introduced, walks up to the podium and Leonardo DiCaprio has some kind of realization/moment of clarity.
We will see how Frank started his career.
I think the con man stands up to accept the award.
I think the con man gives a speech.
They're going to stand up.
the man stands up to a round of applause, his family smiles at him and he then goes up on stage to accept his award.
The ceremony will begin and men will be congratulated.
The announcer will call the man up to the podium for an award.
The man will put a different label on the bottle of wine.
The crowd at the party will stand and clap for the person being inducted into the Rotary Club.
The prisoner will get an award.
Frank will make up a speech at the Rotary Club meeting.
Frank stands with the woman tin the red dress. He steals her purse while she is clapping.
Frank sits as the room claps for the person being congratulated.
Frank pours himself a glass of wine from the bottle he is holding.
The man will call the waiter over to the table
I believe "Frank" will break the wine bottle.
I believe things will start to get out of hand and will be violence everywhere.
Nothing will happen
The man will die soon
The con man Frank will be announced for the award
The man at the podium will announce that the award goes to Frank's father and Frank's dad will go up for a speech.
Frank will be called to the podium and will give a speech.
There will be testimonies about Frank's case
The FBI agent ends up getting an award for capturing him.
At the rotary club dinner, Frank's father is going to be recognized for an award but Frank won't care or react in any way. He is going to look for another bottle to tear off the label more completely than he did with the first bottle during the announcement.
The conman's father goes up to recieve an award.
he smashes the bottle
frank has to get up and make a speech and he just gets angry
Something will interrupt the speech being made.
The speech will continue for a while.
Someone will receive an award during the ceremony
The conman is asked to give a speech.
