They will introduce the contestants for the game-show.
I am now more aware of the situational circumstances, and based on the most recent clip, i believe the gentleman in the middle of the three men will admit to participating in the described activities that the show host just vocalized.
The game show begins with some questions.
Someone will guess right.
I think the contestants will ask the men dressed as pilots questions trying to determine who is the real con man.
They're gonna have people guess who the imposter was.
The host then asks the contestants to guess which one is the real Frank Abignail.
The game show host will begin to question contestant number one.
The host will introduce the players of the tv show game that will ask the men questions.
The contestant on the game show will ask questions to the three people who are stating they are the same person.
The host will ask guest number one questions.
The first contestant on the game show will ask a question of one of the Franks.
All three men will sit to start the show.
the first man (on the left with dark hair) will make a joke during his answer.The others will laugh.
The panelists will ask the guests questions
I think the contestants will tell stories about their adventures.
Each player will talk about themselves and answer questions.
They will continue to lie and tell the truth
they will start playing a game
The host will talk about the rules of the game
I think the movie will cut to a scene of Frank Abegnale as a child with a voice over of his adult self.
The contestants will play the game show.
Contestants will question the guests to determine who is Frank
The panelists are going to start to try to ask questions of the panel.
The men who are playing Frank and the actual Frank will answer some questions that will be asked from the panel on the show and they will go through those questions one by one as the panel will try to guess which one is the real Frank.
The contestants will ask questions of the three possible con-men.
the guy will ask the other 3 guys questions to see who is the real frank
The three men will do some sort of game show which explains how they were caught, give clues to how they were caught, or reveal which one is the real conman.
Each contestant will answer questions directed at them to help decide which is real/fake
Audience can vote for who they think is the real and who is fake
Contestant number two will be revealed as the real conman.
