The announcer will ask each of the imposters a question about themselves
The middle man will step forward and will tell everyone that he portrays this man in a movie.
People will try to guess who is the real Frank.
I think the people playing the game will try to guess who the real person is
I think the host will describe rules for the contestants.
leo still calim he is a fake pilot
the host will keep talking and the camera will pan to another serviceman
The announcer will continue to tell the story about the man.
The announcer will keep talking about the con man
The real person will come forward
I think the three men will take a seat.
They will go sit down.
I believe that announcer/narrator will continue talking and then somebody will try to guess who the fraudulent con-artist was.
The host continues to name off his scams.
I think the contestants located to the left of the host are going to ask the men standing questions to try to figure out who the impostor is.
I think they will show more about the character in flash forwards and flashbacks.
The announcer will continue to say what the men did and explain their past.
They will continue the game show with contestants asking questions of the different people
One of the men will run off the state.
One man will reveal himself to not be the person.
I think the panel will ask the three men questions to help determine who the real Frank is.
I think the host will continue to describe the imposter.
The man will talk.
The 3 men standing will go sit down and it will cut to a different scene
The three contestants answer questions to see who is the real person.
The three contestants tell the other people more about themselves to convince them they are the right guy.
Someone is going to guess who the right person that fits the discription.
I've conned the most wealthiest person in history
It will be revealed that the person whos identity they are guessing is the person in the middle?
The contestants will ask the 3 pilots questions to determine who is a real pilot and who isn't.
Each of the 3 pilots will give an explanation as to why they are not an impostor, and are a real pilot.
I think that the voiceover about the conman's career will end and that the game show host will talk to a panel of judges.
The commentator continues to list Abignale's exploits and what he had gained from them.
