We will hear more about why they are there.
The contestants on the show will try to figure out who is the real Frank William (I didn't catch the person's last name)
The contestants will start to ask them question.
the host will ask them to tell a lie or truth
the presenter will make a joke
The host is going to give each guy the opportunity to speak and help the audience figure out who is who.
One of these three men will be revealed to be an imposter.
The contestants will start playing
One of the three pilots will answer questions and be shown as a liar.
People guess who the real Frank is.
The host will tell the contestants they are allowed to ask each one a question.
they are going to span out on all three
I think it's a scene from the movie and the middle one is him. There will maybe be some voice over narration
They will start their time on this game show doing the activities that the host outlines.
After introducing themselves they will go stand in their designated spots.
I think the true Frank will be revealed.
The host will ask the three men what they do for a living.
The host will welcome them and they will take their positions
One of the panelists will ask a question to one of the contestants.
The three contestants will sit down on the set
The three contestants will walk across the stage and sit behind a curtain.
The video will go back to the host who will then explain the game.
The host is going to explain more about what this person supposedly is famous for.
The host will ask them a lot of questions regarding their identity.
The three men will walk over to a podium and stand.
the franks will individually try to prove they are the real frank
they will find out who frank is
The presenter will ask them more questions to see who is telling the truth.
They will start a game
The three imposters will continue to perform the exact same trick/impression.
I think there will be a winner.
The guys all give the same answers, so maybe try to detect the truth teller?
