Frank Sr. will give a speech that will inspire Jr. to take shortcuts in life.
Everyone will want to hear what frank says next.
Cops will comein and chaseafter Frank, who will escape.
Frank will explain things about himself that relate to other parts of the video.
I think he's going to get emotional and his son will feel a bit awkward
I think Frank Jr will pull some type of con.
Frank is going to tell a story about his son from when he was younger.
someone will speak out against him and the crowd will be shocked
franks dad is going to pass out or throw up
The man at the podium will turn out to be lying or faking something.
Frank will continue giving an acceptance speech. The audience will applaud.
The character giving the speech will continue to do so.
The man will continue his speech.
Leo's dad starts to cry while making his speech about his son.
Leo's dad has a heart attack during the middle of the speech on stage.
I think the man will stop making a speech and someone will yell at him.
Frank Senior will do tell the story about the mouse that fell in a bucket.
Frank's father will fall over from a heart attack on stage.
I think Frank will finish his speech and accept the Rotary club award.
His father will be sent off stage for taking too long
Frank Jr. will do something to disrupt the speech.
Frank senior goes on to talk about his hopes and reams for his son and we can see the wheels start turning Frank juniors head
Frank's dad will continue his speech.
Gonna thank all the people that helped him
The man in the audience watches his dad give a speech.
Frank Snr gets emotional
He has a heart attack on the stage in front of everyone.
His son gets up and walks out.
i think frank might collapse on stage
Frank Senior relates what his son is going to do in college and after, his son looks pleased.
Frank Jr. will be called on stage by his dad, and his dad might talk about his son for a while.
I think that Frank's father is going to put him down in some way in his speech, that makes him feel bad about himself.
I THINK FRANKS DAD WILL DO SOMETHING UNEXPECTED, MAYBE QUIT HIS POSITION/JOB
The man doing the speech will say something bad about his son.
