The boy will continue to watch his parents dance and smile.
Don't really know what's going to happen. Further exposition about how Frank met his wife.
The couple reminisce about their relationship.
Leo makes an excuse, he leaves to meet his school chums
the scene will over and come back to the present in jail
The dance is going to end and it is going to cut to another scene that is a few days later.
Frank is going to clean up the mess on the floor while his parents dance.
I think the story will jump forward in time.
the mom and dad kiss
The boy will steal something of his parents while watching them be inebriated and dancing.
I think they will finish dancing and kiss.
The couple continues to dance.
Frank Sr. has a heart attack.
they dance around the couch together
I guess more holiday family time
The couple will dance and reminisce about their time together as their son watches in admiration.
They will continue dancing while the kid takes care of the stain.
I still think something bad is about to happen to his father, or mother.
Franks mom will have a heart attack.
The story will flash ahead to the future.
They will clean up the spot on the rug and continue talking
Frank Jr. reaches some sort of decision.
DiCaprio will resolve to become a conman? Or seal his destiny with himself internally somehow?
The couple will continue to dance and stare in each others eyes and Frank Jr. will watch them with a smile on his face, admiring them.
Frank Sr. and his wife are going to keep dancing while Frank Jr. watching all approvingly.
Frank jr. continues to watch his parents dance, for some reason it all seems uncomfortable?
Something tragic happens to one of his parents.
Mom and Dad will continue dancing and talking.
frank jr gives his parents some space to get intimate privately
the dad will die
I think that Frank jr will end up dancing with his mum again.
The couple will dance together
The son kills his father.
Something bad will happen
a bullet enters the window
