Frank Jr. tries to get the stain out with a towel.
Frank Jr. retrieves a towel and the three individuals begin to clean the stain as Frank Sr. continues to reflect on his memory of meeting his wife
Frank Jr finds something unexpected while looking for a towel.
We'll see how Frank Jr. disappointed his parents.
I think Frank Jr. comes back into the room to clean up the spilled wine.
Someone's gonna come to their house.
The scene fast forwards to Frank Sr. and Jr. in a car heading to a store to get a suit for Frank Jr.
Frank will help his mother clean the rug.
The woman and man will start to argue over the stain on the floor.
The young man will clean up the spill and the couple will dance.
Frank will tell his wife not to worry about the spill on the carpet.
Frank Jr will bring go to the kitchen to get a towel.
The boy will interact with his parents more to show his home life growing up.
Frank Jr., will help his mother clean up the spilled wine.
Frank Jr gets a towel. Frank Sr becomes very angry about the stain.
Frank Sr helps Paul clean up the stain and says it's no big deal
The husband will help his wife up and start dancing with her
The woman will clean up the wine that spilled on the carpet.
I believe the mess will get cleaned up and they will continue to dance and talk.
frank will clean the spill
They clean up the carpet
They will clean up the spill
Frank Sr. will dance with his wife because he doesn't care about the stain on the rug.
Frank will get a towel to clean the rug. Frank Sr. will help his wife seat and maybe take away her wine.
We will start to see the downfall of the family.
The father starts dancing with the mother overlooking the mess on the carpet.
Frank Jr. will go to the kitchen and get a towel for his mom to clean up the wine she spilled onto the rug.
Frank Jr. will notice something about cleaning the stain with the towel and will use this knowledge with the label and trying to take it off the bottle like he tried earlier. He's going to apply that for future attempts.
They clean the carpet of the wine.
The dad frank gets really angry at her and hits her
dad Frank starts dancing with the mam around the living room
Frank Jr will get a towel to clean up the spill
Frank Sr will help his wife to the couch or steady her
Frank Jr.'s mother questions why she made that error, maybe due to getting older/weaker which upsets her
They all laugh off Frank Jr's mothers error and continue dancing
The woman cleans the rug.
