Frank Jr. will return with a towel, but they'll all just forget about the stain while Frank Sr. and his wife dance.
Frank will have his life changed by a major event.
The holiday goes off without a hitch.
I predict husband and wife will dance while their son watches
I think Frank Jr will clean the carpet.
Frank Jr. is going to run back into the room with a towel to clean up the spill.
Frank punishes his son because he makes the stain worse by trying to clean it
franks going to bring back a towel
The Mom and Dad with keep dancing.
The couple will continue to dance. Frank Jr will return with a towel to clean up the spilled wine.
The older Frank continues to dance with his wife. The younger Frank looks for something to clean the mess up.
They will continue dancing.
The couple continues dancing while Leo's character cleans up the wine stain.
I believe the woman will continue to clean up her spill.
I think they will continue dancing and Frank will come back in the room and smile.
Frank will come back from getting a towel and will stare at his parents dancing and enjoying themselves.
I think Frank Jr will come back with the towl but leave when he sees his parents dancing
He will come back with a towel and stop a bit of a ways away to let them dance together privately
Frank Jr. will leave the house.
Frank junior reenters the room but doesn't interrupt his parents, he watches them dance
Frank will get a drink.
he is gonna tell her how much he loves her.
The son grabs a towel and notices butter sitting on the counter, then returns to the living room where their parents are dancing.
As his parents dance, Frank Jr watches his parents from the side (to give the viewer an insight to what a happy family Frank Jr comes from).
The mum doesn't want to dance and they struggle, dads get angry and he keels over. The son sees his dad be mean to his mum.
i think frank and his wife will dance to the song
Frank Junior steals something from his father's jacket.
Frank and his wife will dance for a while and then Frank Jr. will bring a towel and wipe the drink off the floor.
Frank's mother will fall over from her husband spinning her because she is drunk
FRANK GETS A TOWEL,AND TRIES TO CLEAN UP HIS MOTHERS MESS, BUT FAILS
He will clean up the wine.
