The FBI agent will ask the guards about the prisoner's health.
The FBI agent will offer sympathy to the prisoner due to his condition and the state of the facility in which he is being held
The FBI agent will play hardball with the prisoner and attempt to extract more information about committed crimes.
Tom Hanks asked Leonardo DiCaprio questions about what he has done and Leo gives him sarcastic answers
We will see what happens next in the jail.
I think the agent and the con man have a conversation.
I think the guy is going to try to give the man medicine.
The agent talks to Frank and then Frank shows signs of medical distress so the agent called the guards to assist Frank.
The prisoner will ask the investigator to help him escape.
The man will sit down on the stool and start asking the prisoner questions.
The prisoner will ask who the man is and plead to be released.
The agent holds the umbrella over his head to prevent the dripping from the ceiling to land on him.
The agent sits down.
Carl Hanraddy will attempt to help the prisoner while questioning him.
The FBI agent will start a conversation with the prisoner.
The FBI agent will sit and begin to ask questions about the prisoners health
The prisoner will throw up near the door
The police man will say the prisoner must be released to his custody
I think the FBI agent will talk with the prisoner.
I believe that trying to get out the situation would be one of them. Whatever they're in they will be getting out.
I think that frank might get released
He will leave the building
The investigator will question the prisoner
Frank will get very sick and Hannraty will call for help.
The FBI agent will try to get Frank some medical attention.
The agent will question him to determine of he is the suspect
He's going to begin a conversation with the prisoner.
Carl is going to try to talk to Frank through the hole in the cell and try to get him to answer some questions. Carl is then going to ask the guard or the inspector to move Frank from the cell into another place that is warmer or that he can get a doctor to visit because he is sick.
The FBI agent speak with the conam through the slot in the cell door, introducing himself.
the guy will ask the girl some questions about something
The man will talk to the prisoner.
The man will sit and wait for a while.
The detective will introduce himself to Frank, will try to reassure him and then will start questionning him to gain information
Tom Hank's character talks to the conman through the hole.
