The lady will ask a question and the one she asked will provide an answer.
The woman will finish her question, #1 will tell the truth.
The woman will finish her question, #1 will lie.
I predict one of the three men will start telling the audience something about themselves
The imposters will be asked a question.
The woman will ask Guest #1 why they would do such a thing as impersonate someone.
The woman will ask Guest #1 why should she believe he is the not the impersonator.
She will ask why do they all have different talents if they are the same
Kitty will ask questions to the three men
The Franks will have to try to prove them selves as the real one.
The contestant will ask the participants questions in an attempt to figure out which of them is actually Frank. The contestants will all answer as convincingly as they possibly can.
The character "Kitty" is going to ask contestant number one a question, a question that is based around figuring out which one is the real person up there and which are the impostors.
The number one will answer that question.
The lady will ask a personal question to the 3 men about their impersonations.
I think the men will be asked questions to try and determine who the real person is.
She is going to ask questions to the three guests.
In the next 30 seconds, the woman will ask why the man would waste so much energy in breaking the law.
I think the judges will ask the men questions to see who is the guilty party
They will ask them questions about why he did it
He will lie about what happened
Kitty will continue asking her question to number one and then ask the same question to one of the other contestants.
The contestants will answer questions.
The female will ask a question to one of the people.
she is going to ask why they impersonated people
Contestant number one is going to answer the question and the person asking is going to be confused, and ask another question to a different contestant.
The panel will ask the three Franks questions to determine which one is who he says he is and who are the frauds.
The contestant will question the three asking why would they impersonate a pilot?
i think contestant number one will try and answer the question correctly to convince the audience of his identity
I think Kitty asks "Why did you think you would get away with it?".
out of the 3 pilots, one is an impostor. I think the participants will guess who they think is the real Frank William Abignail.
The lady in pink is going to ask Number 1 a question that he can only answer a truth to, to try and find out who Frank really is.
THE WOMAN WILL ASK THE THREE MEN QUESTIONS, TRYING TO WORK OUT WHO THE REAL ONE IS
The woman will ask a question and they will all answer the question.
