The men all chase after Frank to try to find him.
An alarm will go off and a bunch of guards will start looking for the escaped man.
Frank will attempt to escape by finding a way out and will get caught
The prisoner will continue to run away and escape from his prison.
The police will begin searching for Frank for his whereabouts.
he lets the other imates out
they are going to put the man in the ambulance
The prisoners will continue making a ruckus.
Frank will escape from the prison.
Frank will run through the corridor to escape the prison
I think Frank will run down the corridor but will be apprehended.
He will run after the prisoner.
I believe in the next scene they will show the man try to track down the prisoner or find out what happened to him. They may also show the prisoner running out/escaping.
Frank makes his way though the prison, eventually escaping.
The other prisoners are going to holler and hoot because they are excited that one of them escaped.
The movie will show Frank trying to run and escape the French prison.
We will see a show of Leonardo running down the cell room to an exit.
We will then see the men chasing him frantically.
He gets caught by the prison guards and thrown back into his jail cell
There will be a riot and the man will escape while in the doctors care.
I think Frank will escape.
I think the prisoner will escape.
Frank gets out of building.
The man from the FBI will get him back on a plane to the US
The man will get Frank back to the USA.
There is gonna be a big fight.
The FBI has not gotten any news about frank
Frank escaping and being pursued by the prison guards?
The prisoner is going to be escorted somewhere else, while the other prisoners watch and shout.
I think that there will be frequent cuts between close up scenes of Frank running through rooms in the prison and close ups on the faces of his pusuers.
Hanratty goes looking for him through the prison and then goes outside to try and find him. He calls back to America to tell them he has escaped.
