We flash forward to a time in the imposter Frank's future where he decides to take over his dad's life.
The family is sitting together at dinner and they are talking about the award that was just won.
We will see Frank's home life and family dynamic
The main character's family will be celebrating about the speech the guy and how well it went.
The movie's narrative to switch back to the current timeline by 6 years.
he dies and his son takes his id to support the family
the camera will go to another scene of the movie
The family will be sitting inside the house at the table having dinner.
We will see Frank Jr living at home
I am guessing that Frank will be dancing with his wife
I think Frank's parents will dance together in their home and Frank will watch them.
The scene will change to inside the house.
The car will start to move.
I believe they will show another new character in this part described as "Frank"
Frank starts making fake wine inspired by his dads story, and the wine bottle from the dinner.
I think it will show Frank Sr. and his family celebrating his award and recognition.
The movie will show a very classic Christmas family scene.
We will hear music playing and the camera will pan into the house.
We will see an actor talking.
It will be an interior scene of franks mom and dad dancing while preparing dinner.
The man will meet with the speaker in private at his home.
I believe we will see Frank at school.
I think the family will be shown inside the house.
Frank gets out of car.
The video starts showing him while in school
They will show the family sitting around the dinner table.
That is his childhood home.
Some people in a car trying to watch frank movement
You then see inside the family home and what life is actually like for Frank and his family?
The son will be talking with his father about something that happened earlier, and they will part ways.
The camera will pan across the front of the house before cutting to a family scene. Frank junior will see his father doing something he shouldn't and looked shocked.
Abignale is in the car with his girlfriend and he asks her to marry him.
