The guy will insist on getting a doctor to see Frank
He will try to convince the people to let him take him to America for treatment.
a virus will be contracted.
Leo tries to escape
The FBI agent will demand to take Frank with him.
The FBI agent will demand that a doctor is brought in right away.
The FBI agent will call the French police cruel for treating Frank like this.
I think Tom Hanks' character will continue to explain to the jailers that Frank needs to be in good health, and then the jailers will get Frank a doctor
The Russian decides to walk out of the room and lets the attorney keep talking. The Russian ignores the demands and tells him he has to wait until tomorrow in order for Frank to see a doctor.
The FBI guy keeps arguing with the hospital staff.
they will get him a doctor
The guy on the bed will escape.
The men will return to find Frank gone.
Mr. Handready will gather up Frank and carry him out of the cell.
I think the detective will manage to get Frank to a hospital.
The prisoner does not go to America.
Frank will make an attempt to escape before he is brought home.
The FBI agent will steal the suspect from French custody
The men will continue to argue about getting a doctor to see Abignal.
Abignal will begin plotting an escape.
Frank is going to escape while the police are not watching.
I think the man will continue to ask for medical help, but will not receive it. The Doctors will let the man sleep in the hospital bed under their watch and that's all they will do.
i think there will be a fight
i think he will kidnap the prisoner for safety
He will continue to tell them that Frank needs to see a doctor
Frank escapes and gets on a plane
The agent demands for a doctor now before he dies.
he will make them accept to bring him over to the USA
The American man will try to get the doctor to Frank today.
Tom Hanks argues with the guards and reassures the prisoner
The lawyer (Tom Hanks) will create a scene asking for a doctor at once.
Hes going to try get him on a plane to america and not wait for the doctor
The man will become very ill and die.
The ill man will try to escape.
The detective will have an argument with the officials to try and get a doctor and they will finally submit and get a doctor.
