The prisoner will be caught by the guards.
The prisoner's condition will hinder his ability to escape, and he will be caught and returned for questioning with the agent
The prisoner will escape and his condition will deteriorate
Leonardo DiCaprio does something to create confusion or a diversion.
Frank will get caught during his escape attempt, as he explained during the game show.
I think that the con man is caught.
I think the con man is tied to a bed.
He's probably going to let out the prisoners.
Frank gets caught and then the process of extradition starts and he's sent with the agent on his way back to the US.
The prisoner will find a way out of the prison.
The guards will catch up with the prisoner and take him back to his cell.
Frank will get outside and escape the prison.
The prisoner will get caught by the authorities.
Frank will continue running through the french prison.
Frank hides in a cell to escape the French police
Frank gets caught by the FBI agent as he is slowly trying to escape the police who are chasing him.
The American police man will catch the prisoner
I think Frank will be caught and placed back in his cell.
I think he will escape and flee where he wants to go.
Frank gets caught again
They all will run away
The guards will catch him before he can escape
Frank will collapse and the police will catch him, then he will start his flashback with voice over.
He will get shot in the leg by a guard.
Frank will be caught before he can escape
He makes it out of the prison.
Frank is going to try to leave the prison and escape into the public and go back to what he was doing before with scamming airline companies with fake checks. Carl is going to chance after him and try to bring him in himself before the French authorities can.
He vomits and has a key in it which he uses to escape.
he keeps coughing but manages to hide somewhere and the police runs right passed him
Frank is going to get caught and placed back in the cell.
Frank will fall down because he is sick and get caught that way.
Guards will chase down the injured Frank but Frank will still manage to escape
Other inmates will help Frank escape the prison by blocking guards
The prisoner is caught.
