The FBI agent and the prisoner will meet for the first time.
The FBI agent will now be directed to the location of the prisoner, and will speak with him within the the jail cell, or close to it
Tom Hanks visit Leonardo DiCaprio in French Jail
We will see the third contestant answer a question.
The agent is let in to see the con man
The con man and the agent have a conversation.
So he's going to see the guy in prison, and I'm guessing that the game show was all fake.
The agent will go to the cell where Frank Abignail is held and has a conversation with him.
The investigator will question the American prisoner.
The man that was trying to tell them who he was will visit with the prisoner he was asking about.
The man will enter the jail but the person he is looking for won't be at the prison.
The agent will enter Leo's cell and start to question him.
Carl Hanraddy will question the American that is incarcerated.
The movie will cut back to the game show.
The FBI agent will be escorted to the prisoner.
The FBI agent will walk to the cell while speaking to the French authorities
The FBI agent will try to talk to the french police but be unable to understand each other.
The police man will talk to the prisoner in his cell
I think the FBI will arrest the contestant.
I think they will just have a conservation on what's going on.
They will continue to investigate who the real frank is.
He will get another question
It will go back to the game show and #3 will be asked a question
Mr. Hanratty will see Frank in the French prison and talk to him.
The FBI agent will interview Frank in the jail cell.
The agent will meet Frank in his jail cell
He's going to get a translator to help him with the other police officers.
Carl the investigator from the FBI is going to be let into the jail to see Frank and speak with him. He is going to ask him a series of questions and try to get him out of the jail in France so that he can be brought back to the USA.
The FBI agent will approach the cell of the conman and initiate a conversation through the door of his cell.
they go into the police office and discuss the case some more
The person who caught the conman is going to do some investigating of some kind.
The detective is going to see the Frank + question him
Tom Hank's character will visit the conman in his prison cell.
