The guy at the bus stop is stood in the sun, sweating with his headphones on with what looked like ice cream in a plastic bag. While he is waiting for his bus and SUV speeds past and hits the breaks hard. A lady gets out of the drivers side and, without closing her door behind her, runs to the nearby payphone to make a call. the guy at the bus stop watches, but can't hear because of his music.
the man has headphones on and looks tired.  a car draws up stops quickly and a woman gets out and makes a phone cal
Bus stop on a very sunny and hot day in a run down area. nnMan in a red top wearing headphones is waiting for the bus and is sweating. A car drives past at speed and slams on, a women jumps out and rushes to the phone box
A guy is at a bus stop, waiting in the heat. He's listening to music, while his bag of ice cream melts. Suddenly, a black SUV screeches to a stop opposite. A woman gets out and runs to a pay phone.
A man is standing by the side of the road, listening to music through headphones.He looks as if he may fall asleep. There is some strawberry flavoured item in his carrier bag, possibly ice cream? A car then drives up and stops on the opposite side of the road.woman gets out, and runs over to a pay telephone as the man watches on curiously.
A man is standing at a bus stop wearing headphones.  He looks like he's falling asleep. Suddenly a car screeches to a halt across the road and a woman jumps out.  She goes to a box on the wall and leans down to peer at it, but it's unclear to the man what the box is for.
The guy at the bus stop in the red shirt is waiting for the bus, as the camera pans towards him he seems overheated, it looks like its a hot day. the next shot shows his shopping bag, inside this bag he has some ice cream, probably melting in this heat. Then he sees a lady pull up screeching in a black car, she jumps out in a hurry and runs towards a public phone.
A man is waiting at a bus stop in the middle of the day. He is wearing headphones and is holding a shopping bag. After a while, a black hatchback drives along the road and stops in his view. A woman gets out of the car and goes to the sidewalk.
The man continues to listen to the music, sweat showing on his face in the heat. A car pulls up at the crossroads suddenly and a frantic woman runs out to call a number on the payphone. The man watches her.
There was a close up of the man sweating and looking tired, and then a close up of his bag which I think had drinks in it. The bag was dripping, I think with condensation. A car pulled up quickly and a woman stepped out, walked over to the phone booth and began pressing buttons. The man was watching, he looked like he wanted to know what was going on.
A guy with a pink shirt is holding a bag and waiting at the bus stop. Then suddenly a car pulls up next to a payphone in front of him.
The man by the road is sweating. Suddenly, a car screeches to a halt. A woman exits, and starts dialling a number on a phone by the road. It looks urgent.
The man continues to wait for the bus.  He seems to be very tired and is carrying groceries.  In the distance, he spots a car that pulls up to the side of the road, next to a payphone.  A woman hurriedly exits the vehicle and goes to the payphone.
The guy standing on kerb is sweating and listening to his earphones. He suddenly sees a large black SUV park stop over the road. The woman gets out the car and goes over to what looks like a phone box.
There is a guy standing at a bus stop in a quiet neighborhood, in sweltering heat, with white headphones on listening to something. He sees a car speed by and stops with screeching their tires to pick up something. A person comes out of the car.
A guy was standing on a sidewalk waiting for the bus. He is very hot with his headphones on listening to music. He is holding a bag of food that is melting due to the heat. It is a busy city with a lot of noise. Then he sees a car slam on the breaks across the street. A women runs out of the car to a payphone nearby. She starts dialing it. The guy stares over at the girl and car as its very strange. The car is slowly rolling away.
A car has pulled up over the road from the man at the bus stop. A door flew open and a woman jumped out, the woman has gone over to a machine
The man is standing listening to music and holding a bag that has strawberry icecream in it. Then a black car blows through the intersection and comes to a sudden halt. A woman quickly gets out, leaves her drivers side door open, and runs over to a post box.
the guy waiting for the bus sees a girl drive up and make a phone call from payphone across the street
A young man is standing at a bus stop on an empty street in the hot summer sun, listening to music with his headphones on as a bag of ice cream melts in his hand. Suddenly, a dark jeep comes racing down the road, stops abruptly in the street, pulls over, and a woman gets out to use the pay phone.
The man wearing headphones is carrying ice cream in his bag, which is starting to melt. A black car speed through and brakes suddenly. A young woman gets out of the car and runs to the nearby phone, watched intently by the young man at the bus stop.
screen comes on with typed word bus stop, goes to video showing guy stood at bus stop looking hot and sweating, film pans to bag he is carrying and water dripping off it. he has headphones on. Cars are moving on flyover. Black car drives past man and stops suddenly near phone box. woman gets out of the car and goes to phone. man at busstop looks towards woman.
Am man is standing at a bus stop on a hot summer day. A person in a jeep screeches to a halt across the street and hops out. The person runs over to the pay phone and begins interacting with it.
While the lad is standing at the bus stop he notices a black SUV screech to a halt at the other side of the rad, he then sees a woman come out of the car and go to the payphone.
The man is still at the bus stop when a woman in a car comes to a quick stop and jumps out. She then runs to what looks linke a pay phone.
a woman drives past him and stops the car across the road. She comes out and goes to the payphone on the side of the road.
The man is still listening to the music on his headphones. SUV just pulled up quickly in front of him and stopped and a woman ran out of the car and ran to something on the side of the road. The man is just staring at her still listening to the music on his headphones.
Dude is waiting a bus stop and it is hot. Then a car comes by and screeches to a stop.
There is a man stood waiting on a street at a bus stop with his shopping. It is a very hot day and the man is sweating and looking tired. His shopping is full of frozen items that is slowly defrosting. He has his earphones in listening to music and staring into space when a car travels down the adjacent road at high speed and then slams the brakes on. This catches the man's attention. Once the car has come to a stop, a woman gets out of the driver's side and runs to a nearby phone box.  
The man continues to wait at the bus stop.  You can see that in the plastic bag he is carryiny is a carton of strawberry ice cream that looks like it's melting.  He watches as a black SUV speeds past him and then stops on the side of the road.  A woman with long, curly, brown hair jumps out of the SUV and runs over to a pay phone and makes a call.
