the lady throws the phone and breaks it. the man asks for money to replace it. then a man drives up in a car and the lady walk over to it
Once the woman arrives face to face with the man at the bus stop, she asks for the man's phone for an emergency call in what seems to be a desperate and anxious tone, he gives it to her without saying anything in return and she walks away calling someone. During the call she is seen arguing with the person on the other side threatening to call the police, she also mentions that she has arrived at this location. Out of frustration, she ends up smashing the phone on the ground. The phone's owner did not seem to be phased but proceeded to ask for 60 dollars politely so he could replace his broken phone, the woman completely ignored him all the while a man with a clean haircut arrived in a car and parked at some distance away from the other two.
a vehicle pulls up under an overpass and you see the back of a man's head. The woman spots the vehicle and says - he's here and starts to walk towards it whilst the man whose phone she broke tries to attract her attention
A car starts driving through a tunnel to where the woman in the dressing gown is standing. We see the back of his head. We hear the woman say 'hes here' . The guy at the bus stop asks the woman 'who's that?' she doesn't reply. She stands looking at the car which has now stopped and the man is sat staring out the windscreen. The guy from the bus stop is calling 'miss' over and over.
After she smashed the phone, the man went to pick it up and found it was broken. The scene goes to a man driving a black car whilst listening to classical music. He turns a corner and in the distance the man from the bus stop and the woman are visible. The scene switches back to the man and woman, where the man asks the woman for 60 bucks for his phone. The woman looks worried at the man in the black car.
After the man asks for money for his phone the view switches to a man driving up to the scene, with stirring music playing.  He stops some distance away from the man and the woman.  The woman starts to walk towards the car.
After asking to use the phone the woman speaks with someone on it and gets into an argument. She then smashes the man's phone on the ground while standing in the middle of the street. The scene cuts to a man in a car under the bridge who is parked. The woman notices and begins walking towards the car slowly. The man who let her use his phone asks her for $60 for the broken phone and whether she's okay.
The lady says he's here and we then see footage of the inside of a car and the back of a mans head who is driving. The man pulls up not too far from where the lady and man are. The lady starts walking towards the car while the guy, still holding his broken phone calls after her Miss? Miss?
As she broke his phone, the person who was standing at the bus stop asked her for 60 bucks for his phone which she broke. but women doesn't pay attention, now the scene changes and a man driving a car with loud music enters the scene, women shouts he is here, men with broken phone asks who is he? but women does not pay attention to person and she start walking towards car with loud music.
The man asks the woman if she's okay, as a man in a black suit drives up to them with classical music playing in the car. The woman and man stare at the car coming near. The man keeps asking the woman for money for his phone that she broke.
as she approach him, she asked if she could borrow his phone, he could hear so he tool of his headphones and told her to repeat she what she said, she then said i said could i please borrow your phone?nsweating profusely from the heat, he gave her the phone, she called someone and they start arguing loudly over the phone and threaten to call the police on the phone. meanwhile the main character staring at the whole drama going on, they suddenly with anger she smashed his phone to the ground and walked away. he went to pick up the broken phone and called her, hey miss, the phone is broken could you give me like 60 bucks for it?nshe ignores him and it panns to a man driving towards the woman in a car playing an orchestrated music. he suddenly stops at a fair distance from her and they both stare at eachother.nthe main character having no energy for the drama due to the heat, tells her again if she could just give him the 60 bucks for the damages
A man arrives in a car and looks menancing. The woman begins to walk over to the man in the car. In the mean time, the man in the pink shirt is still asking for money for his broken phone. 
The video cuts to a man inside a car with loud music playing.  The car pulls up to the curb.  The video cuts back to the guy in headphones and the woman.  The guy in headphones asks the woman 'who's that' as they look at the other car parked up by the curb down the street.
The lady is standing in the street looking out  and she says he's here. The guy at the bus stop asked her if she is ok, the lady does not answer him. Meanwhile a car with music playing driven by a man drives up and stops under the over-path a distance from where they are standing. The man ask the lady who the man is but the lady still does not answer him. The lady starts to walk towards the car, the man is walking behind the lady
The woman starts walking in the road and the man with the headphones is walking after her, asking if she is okay. We also see a shot of someone in a moving car. 
After she broke his phone, she ignores his pleas as a car approachs
He then asked the lady if everything was okay after he picked up his phone from the ground and requested 60 bucks from her for his phone. A man pulled up in a car from a distance and she started walking towards the car. The man who lent her his phone also starts following her asking who the one in the car is.
An important guy pulls up to the scene.  The guy on the corner keeps asking for money from the woman who broke his phone.  She ignores him and starts walking towards the important guy in the car.
Just as the man asks if she is okay, a car pulls up down the road with loud classical music playing, you can only see the back of the driver's head, as he stops the car some distance away from the man and the woman, he appears to just be staring at them, the man with the broken phone asks who's that but the woman doesn't answer, she just starts walking towards the car, the man with the broken phone begins to say miss, can I just get...
The woman ignored the guy still. Then a car shows up and the person inside seems to be formally dressed. The woman says something like He has shown up and then person's phone she smashed then continues to try to get her attention.
And then the lady walked up to this guy and said hey please lend me your phone and she he was not going to take it away and then he gave her and she called someone and started saying she was here and she was going to called the police and she was panicking and then smashed the phone on the ground and the man who lend her the phone went over to her and bent down and picked the phone and said miss it brokenand said can I get a 6box for it but she said nothing she was just panting and then there came another guy in a car from the other end of the road and both the lady and the guy who's phone was broken walked down to meet the new guy.
After the lady threw the man's phone on the road out of frustration, another man was see driving a car but his face was not shown and the scene returned to the lady and the other man again. The man headphone man was telling the lady that his phone had broken but the lady seem not to pay attention. The man was even asking if he could get 60 box from her yet with no response from the frustrated lady.
A man in a suit driving a car with load music arrives at the scene.  The man with the headphones asks who he is
A well groomed guy pulls up in a car with the camera panned behind his head as the woman states He's here. The guy is still asking about his broken phone.
A man in a car drives up and stops and parks under the bridge. The man who was at the bus stop is asking the lady to listen to him about his phone. The lady notices the car stopped under the bridge and starts to walk towards it. The man with the broken phone asks her who is that
The scene quickly cuts to the view of the back of a man's head. He is driving a car with loud regal music playing. He has short hair and an earring in his left ear. The man parks the car. The scene cuts back to the woman, who sees that this man in the car has arrived. She begins walking towards the man in the old sedan, while the man with the headphones continues to try to get the woman's attention. 
The man tries to get the attention of the woman and says the mobile costs 60 bucks. but she does not listen. a car stops under the bridge and the woman starts walking towards it
After the woman slammed the phone on the ground the man picked it up and told her it was broken and asked her for $60 for it. She doesn't respond but looks around panicked and says He's here' Cut to the inside of a car pulling up behind the driver and ominous music playing. Cut back to the woman who turns and begins walking toward the car.
The man asks are if she is okay, the scene than changes as we see another person arriving on the scene. It is a man inside the car, the woman begins to walk slowly to the car as the man in the pink shirts asks again if she is alright.
As the bus stop man had just finished asking for the 60 bucks, the camera went to someone sitting in a car, as though it was filmed from the back, with this person, which looked like a male, sitting in the front seat. There was loud, trumpet sounding music playing, we could not see their face and the car was moving forward. It then went back to the bus stop man and the female, who were both looking at the car and bus stop man said to her 'Hey, who is this?' I think it was the car she was in, so presume this was the other person, who would have also been in her car.
