the two people who believe they are dogs sniff each other and walk off together on all fours
It seems the magician's incantation results in the transformation of a human brain into a dog brain or it makes the human believe they are a dog, so when the busboy wakes up he starts barking and crawling towards the magician's car, it seems there was another woman inside the magician's car who also believes herself to be a dog. This happens after we see the magician's body on the ground bleeding from a shot wound but before he succumbs to his injury he shoots the woman as well resulting in the demise of both. Now the only ones left are two humans who behave like dogs sniffing each other's tails and crawling onward.
Bob and Cheryl are lying dead on the ground having shot each other. There are now two humans acting like dogs as a woman has approached from Bob's car. They sniff around each other barking and then start to crawl off side by side.
The bus stop guy and the girl who is barking are crawling on the ground barking at each other and rolling round like dogs. They then start crawling and barking with their backs behinds to the viewers past the car that the magician drove and off into the distance.
The man from the bus stop continues as a dog and rolls onto his back. He then returns to his hands and knees. He and the woman who is acting like a dog then crawl off together.
The man and the woman, who think they are dogs, play together and then start moving off on all fours.  The film freezes with them passing the magician's car.
The scene begins by showing the man who had the smashed phone and the woman who was in the trunk walking on all fours back towards the car. They both bark constantly and appear to play wrestle for a very brief moment. Afterwards they continue walking on all fours as the camera pans upwards to reveal an image of the city from a distant.
The guy and girl continue to behave like dogs, crawling along the road together making woof sounds.
As the man behave like a dog barks at other side and from other side someone barked back, then headphone men kept knee down and walking like a dog and kept barking, suddenly a girl came into scen with same position barking like a dog, they both stare and kept barking they both try to sniff each other like dogs, and try to play like dogs.
The man in red and a woman are both acting like dogs. They are crawling on all fours and barking. The scene ends as they crawl together past the black vehicle.
the woman shoots the magician and he shoots her back, both of them dying at the spot, then the main guy starts barking like dog while the music still plays in his headphones, he keeps crawling and barking like a dog then a woman is shown also crawling and barking like a dog and they sniff eachother and play while crawling to the sunset together
As you saw the man from the bus stop turned into a dog after the magicians spell. He has united with the female from the trunk who it turns out is also now a dog. After a brief spell of sniffing eachother, they walk off together on all fours. 
Headphone guy and the young woman acting like a dog continue interacting as if they were dogs.  Headphone guy rolls onto his back like a submissive dog before getting back onto all fours.  Headphone guy and young dog woman then crawl off on all fours acting like dogs.
The man and lady that was crawling and barking like a dog, crawls off.
The woman and the man with the headphones continue acting like  barking and crawling around on the floor.
They have both been hypnotised into being dogs, then bark and crawl away
They both crawled away together from the scene barking continuously as dogs.
The corner man and the woman in the dress both act like dogs.  They bark and crawl on their hands and knees.  They play a bit and then crawl off.
The man and the girl appear to be playing together, still clearly thinking they are dogs as they are on all fours and barking, they then go off down the road together barking
They continue to bark and behave like dogs. They do a little bit of playing around as he rolls on his back and she sniffs him. They then both began to crawl over towards the car together like dogs.
And then the new guy shot the lady and the lady shot him too and the guy with the broken phone start barking like a dog and meets another girl barking like a dog too and together there left.
After the sound of gun shot, and both the lady and magician lying lifeless on the floor in a pool of blood, the headphone man was seen barking like a dog and there came another young lady in a white night gown crawling from the magician car towards the headphone man. The younger lady was also barking just like the headphone man. They both eventually kept barking and at the same time moving towards the magician's car.
The man from the bus stop and a new younger woman who has arrived are crawling round on their hands and knees barking and behaving like dogs
The woman acting like a dog jumps on the man acting like a dog. They continue barking like dogs while walking on all fours past the car the magician came in.
Both of them under the spell as dogs start playing and rolling on the ground, then they both start walking to the car and go past it barking all the time.
The man and the woman that are acted like dogs continue to familiarize themselves with each other, much like dogs would. Sniffing each other and barking. The man rolls over onto his back as the woman briefly crawls on top of him, as dogs would play with each other. After this, on all fours they begin to walk side by side away from the camera, continuing to bark and act like dogs. 
the man turns into a dog and starts to bark. meanwhile another girl acts like the same way and keeps barking at him. they crawl together like a dog. and they seem to be getting along together
The woman and magician are both dead. The man sniffs the ice cream and licks it. He begins crawling on all fours and barking at a distant dog who is also barking. He crawls toward the car when another young woman, apparently from the trunk of the car, comes into view, also on all fours and barking like a dog. The pair sniff one another and become friends and begin crawling off together.
Seems the guy was hypnotized into believing he's a dog. They begin barking as they crawl off the scene.
Bus stop man and the female, were still barking at each other, when bus stop man rolled onto his back and the female seemed to rub his belly but still acting like a dog. Bus stop man got on to all fours and they walked side by side, next to the car.
