Once the woman got the phone she started yelling into it I will go to the police! and then got so angry she smashed the guys phone on the floor. It shattered everywhere. He went and picked, not looking impressed, it up and said Er, miss...
The man watches the woman as she has an angry conversation on his phone. She gets more and more aggressive, eventually stating that she will go to the police and tell 'everyone you know'. She then throws the phone to the floor while the man looks on. She walks around in circles, upset, while the man goes to check on his presumably broken phone. He says, 'Miss?'
After borrowing the mans phone the woman get's into a huge argument with the person she is speaking to on the phone. She threatens the person on the phone with going to the police. The phone call ends and the women flies into a rage and throws the phone off the ground smashing it into pieces.nThe man who gave the women the phone gets on his knees to look at his damaged phone and says miss?
the man continued to watch the women and listen to her talk on his phone, she seemed to get very agitated and threatens the person on the phone with the police, she then smashes the guys phone to the ground holding her face and starts to cry the guy walks over to pick up his broken phone saing miss
The lady is heard talking on the phone to somebody, the tone of her voice is getting more fraught. She ends up threatening the person on the other line that she will go to the police. She is pacing up and down the road and getting more agitated, until she snaps and throws the mobile phone to the ground, smashing it in the process. The man then goes to pick his mobile up off the street and notices the smashed glass and can be heard saying 'miss' trying to get the womans attention.
The main character is watching the woman as she talks on the telephone. She is animated and says that she'll go to the police. She then throws the mobile onto the ground in frustration. The main character then goes and picks his broken mobile up, before turning to the woman and saying miss.
The lady talking on the phone tells the other person she's at the location. She starts screaming about how she's going to tell the cops. then she breaks the guys phone. 
So this lady realises the pay phone doesnt work so she walks over to this man standing at the bus stop. He appears tired and really hot since he's sweating. She calls over to him but he tries to ignore her but she asks to make a phonecall on his phone. He hands it over and she can be heard threatening someone called bob on the phone, saying she will tell everyone...it could be he cheated? or he committed a crime? She is walking around bearfooted and just left her car door open whilst doing all this, so maybe its not even her car since she doesnt care about it enough to secure it? Anyway, she doesnt like what she hears on the phone and slams it on the floor to break it. This poor guy, trying to figure out what he's meant to do now since he cant listen to his music and his phone is in pieces and this lady doesnt seem like she'll pay for it. Ends with him with his phone in his hand saying, miss.
The woman starts talking over the phone with someone in an agitated tone saying things like I am here, where are you etc. and walks up and down the street frantically. The man looks at her with an amused expression while visibly soaked in perspiration. The woman starts shouting 'I will go to the police' and says so twice before smashing the phone on the tarmac and kneeling down and crying inconsolably. The man walks over and picks up his broken phone and addresses the woman as Ms.
The woman continued speaking with the person on the phone, to the annoyance of the owner of the phone. She threatened the person on the phone with the police, and the person hung up. The woman, out of frustration, broke the man's phone by throwing it on the ground. The owner of the phone then proceeded to assess his phone on the ground, thereafter calling the woman.
The woman takes the guys phone and calls to someone.nShe is angry and shouting, and she threatens to go to the police.nShe then shouts and throws the guys phone on the floor, breaking it into pieces.nThe guy picks up his broken phone, and keeps saying to the woman miss miss.
The woman who jumped out of the rolling Jeep frantically asking the man in headphones to borrow his phone, proceeded to have a very heated conversation with someone in the middle of that same street and then threw the man's borrowed phone onto the ground - shattering it in pieces. He examines the broken smartphone and then calls her when you woke up just now. 
The woman was still on the phone and she sounded agitated and saying she will go to the police and she threw the phone to the ground breaking it and the man at the busstop is not amused.
A guy is standing in the heat at a bus stop with headphones on, holding a bag of melting ice cream. Suddenly an suv speeds down the road, abruptly stops and a woman jumps out. She goes over to try to use the payphone but it doesn't work and she gets angry and slams it down. She then sees the guy and goes over to him to ask if she can use his phone, telling him she won't steal it. He obliges, she then calls someone and tells them, I'm here. She proceeds to get angry with the conversation, yells I will call the police and then slams down the guy's phone, shattering it into pieces. 
The lady is speaking to somebody on the phone, getting more irate as the conversation goes on. She begins by telling the person on the phone that she is where they agreed to meet and then proceeds to start shouting and saying she will go to the police. In a fit of rage, she throws the guy's phone at the ground and it smashes. He goes to pick it up off the floor but it is broken, He says 'miss'.
A man was waiting at the bus stop and suddenly a woman pulls up in a car needing to use the emergency telephone however it was not working so she rapidly walked over to the man and used his phone however she was having an argument on the phone resulting in her throwing the phone on the floor and it smashing to pieces.
the frantic woman was having a conversation with some on the phone she borrowed from the guy she met on the road and she said i will go to the police, seems the person on the other side of the call said something to piss her off she then smashed the phone on the floor, then the guy that own the phone picked up his broken phone and called the ladies attention by saying miss
The lady uses the phone she borrowed from the man to call someone named Bob. During her conversation with Bob, she mentions to him that she will tell everyone they know. What she is threatening to tell is not known at this time as we cannot hear the other end of the conversation. Bob presumably hangs up the phone after a short conversation and after checking if he's still on the other end of the phone and realizing he's not, the woman slams the phone to the ground, where it breaks. The man who lent her the phone picks it up and says, Miss? to the lady, who is now crying.
The woman started to have a heated conversation with the person on the phone as the an at the bus stop watched ahead. The woman started threatening to phone the police which resulted in the person on the phone hanging up which led to the woman throwing the phone on the floor. The man then went to pick up his now broken phone and looked up and said ''Miss'' to get her attention.
The woman continued to talk in an agitated way on the phone while the man watched. He looked concerned. She was arguing with someone & threatened them with the police. The other person on the phone must have hung up as she became really angry & threw the phone on the ground. It sounded as if it had broken. The man who owned the phone walked over & picked up his phone from the ground. He looked at the woman & called ,Miss?,
The lady continues to talk on the phone. She is distraught and threatens someone on the other end named Rob about telling everyone and going to the police. The man at the bus stop is just waiting. She is angry and throws that guys phone on the ground and makes an aggravated grunt sound. He walks over to his phone and says miss.
The woman on the phone threatens to call the police, however, the person on the other side hangs up. The woman breaks the phone in anger and begins to sob. The owner of the phone comes over to pick up his broken phone and speaks to her.
The woman continued to talk on the phone while the man looked on. The phone conversation became heated and the woman started shouting at the other person on the phone and threatned to call the police loudly and she then became very upset and threw the phone she had borrowed from the man to the floor, smashing it. The woman then began to sob whilst the man proceeded to pick up his smashed phone from the floor and call out to the woman.
The man who was waiting for the bus, has lent his phone to the lady. She walks slightly away from him and seems very agitated. She is shouting to someone on the phone, and threatening to call the police. Whoever is on the phone, seems to hang up on her. She throws down the phone on the floor. The man goes over to pick up the broken phone, and says 'Miss?'
A man is standing on a street corner waiting for a bus in an urban setting. The weather is hot and he is holding a bag of groceries and listening to headphones. A woman pulls up and exits her vehicle and tries to use a payphone. She then asks the man if she can use his phone. While on the phone, she shouts at someone on the other end that she will call the police. The woman is upset. 
The female character collects the male character phone to make a call where she is seen shouting and threatening to call the police while on a call and then proceeds to smash the phone on the floor.
The woman angrily threatens the recipient of her call with going to the police before smashing the man's phone on the ground. The man walks over with a confused look on his face and asks what's going on as he puts the phone back together.
The lady who was on the borrowed phone was threatening the person who she called that she would go to the police. She was agitated and threw the phine to ground and it broke. The man picked up his broken phone and said to the lady, Miss?
The woman continues talking on the phone while the sweaty man starts to look more and more upset. The woman gets angry with whoever she was talking to on the phone and threatens to call the police. She then gets so angry that she smashes the sweaty mans phone on the ground. The sweaty man starts to speak to the woman.
A lady who borrows a male phone on the street becomes irritated and angry while talking to unidentified individual. She states that she will go to the police. After not getting the response she desires, she smashes the male's phone that she borrowed. The male then tries to tell her that something, likely that she smashed his phone.
