The guy gets out of the car and sits on the hood as the woman and the bus stop guy walk towards him. The car guy yells at the woman and she yells back, she calls him Bob. He says something like What are you doing I told you it will be fine and it will be. They do seem to know each other but they don't seem to like each other. The car guy asks her who the bus stop guy is and she says he's A friend. The bus stop guy says No I don't know her I was just waiting at the bus stop.
The man who had just arrived in the car switched the music off and got out of the car. The women walked up to him and she shouted at him. She asked him where is she or something similar. The man told her she had to behave and then asked who is this gesturing to the man from the bus stop who had followed them over to the car. She replied he's just a friend to which the bus stop man said I don't know here I was just waiting for the bus and she asked to use my phone. The man from the car starts walking over to them and the women seems to slink past towards the car.
The phone broke and the person she called came with a car playing loud music and stopped at a distant. The guy from the bus stop asked for money to buy a phone but the lady ignored him and approached the guys she called as she left the one from bus stop went after her asking for money for the phone. When they got to the person called the lady lost it and when that guy she called asked who was that and  said is a friend but the guy from the bus stop refused and  said she does not know the lady.
The woman approaches the car of the man she called.  She asks about someone, and the guy says everything will be OK.  He asks who she's with and she says it's a friend.  The man is the car approaches the guy from the bus stop aggressively.
so in the second part we see a man waiting in a car while stationary. Then a women pulls up in her car and gets out swearing and the man who is now getting out of the car they seem to have some altercation of words and argue getting closer and closer together 
The man who pulled up in the vehicle exits from the car and slowly made his way to the front of the vehicle, leaning back onto the hood. The emotional woman approached the vehicle and makes a comment to herself, something about someone going too far. She may have mentioned a name, possibly Darby, but it was not clear. The man replies with a greeting to the woman. He knows her by name, but he said it with an accent, possibly Irish, and it sounded like Sharley or Shelly, something with an Sh at the start, and two, maybe three syllables. The young man whose phone was smashed had followed over as well. The Irish man asks about his identity and the woman replies that he is just a friend. The smashed phone young man replies to correct this statement, saying that he does not know her and that he was just waiting for the bus. The Irish man pushes off from the hood of his vehicle and walks towards the other two. 
the guy gets out and leans on the car. he says what the hell you better star behaving. she asks where is she? and the guy says who is this?nthe lady surprises the guy and says a friendnthe mean guy starts walking up to him as he starts to explain he no he isn't a friend
The man in the car turned off his car, the music obviously stopped and he got out of the car. The sweaty guy from the bus-stop was still asking for something for the broken phone, maybe 60 bucks, as the lady walked to the guy in the car asking Where is she. The man in the car told her that he has said everything would be okay, as he asked who the sweaty fellow was. He had a British accent. The lady claimed the sweaty man was just a friend as she continued getting agitated. The sweaty man looked at her incredulously, repeating back a friend? The man in the car was slowly walking towards them. 
the man in the car who had just pulled up got out as the lady walked towards him. The man with broken phone followed her. The lady asks the man where is she? but the man just asks who the man with the phone is to which the lady replies hes just a friend. The man from the car then walks towards the phone guy and the lady walks towards the car out of sight
A man turn up in a car and get out, the woman and man start arguing and the man then sees the man from the busstop
The car driver turns off the music inm the car, and stepped out of the car leaning against the bonnet. The woman says he has gone too far and where is she. The man who gave the woman does not want to get involved, but the car driver wants to know who he is.
A man has arrived and started asking questions 
The man examined his broken phone on the road and told the women that it's broken and that she owed him $60. She ignored him mumbling to herself as she walked towards the man in the car under the bridge. As he got out of the car she asked him where she was. When the man in the car asked her who the other guy was she told him he was just a friend. To which the man waiting for the bus said he didn't know her. 
The man gets out the car and the woman confronts him. They start to argue and the he asks her who the other guy is.She says he is just a friend and as he walks toward him she runs toward the car ..
It turns out that when she slammed his phone down on the pavement it broke it and he wants a few dollars to cover the damage but she starts walking away from him. A strange guy pulls up in a car and she seems to be afraid of him.
when the man brings the phone it turns out that it is damaged so he asks the woman for money for it the woman says that he is here but no one knows who sudeenly unknow man propably a kidnapper comes under the bridge the woman goes towards him and they start talking 
After the woman approaches the black car a man gets out and sits on the bonnet. They start speaking to each other and she asks where she is. The man from the car tells her to calm down and that everything will be ok, he asks her who the man is in the red shirt, she says a friend. The man in the red shirt starts explaining that he was just waiting for the bus and that she had used his cell phone.
As they approached the guy in the car he got out and sat on the bonnet. The lady shouted at him and he said something like you have to start begaving then asked whose this and they both look at the guy from the bus stop who was next to her. She says it's a friend but the guy from the bus stop said he was just by the bus stop and had borrowed her his phone. The man on the bonnet seems unsure that he is just a friend, as she claimed. 
This guy in a car pulls up and he parks far away looking at this women. The women sees the guy and starts walking over to him while the guy she borrowed the phone from asks for money for the phone she broke. She ignores him. The guy in the car gets out, his name is Bob, and he starts telling the angry women everything will be alright. She says FUCK YOU BOB! WHERE IS SHE!. Bob asks about who the guy is with her and she says he is a friend but the guy says he is not her friend in response. Bob starts walking towards the other guy. 
The man who was in the vehicle gets out of the vehicle and the woman asks him, Where is she? The man from the vehicle tells her something about needing to be more careful. The woman appears very angry with the man from the vehicle. The man from the vehicle asks the woman Who's he? referring to the sweaty guy that was standing on the street before. She says he's a friend and the sweaty guy makes a surprised face at her saying that. 
The man in the car turns off the music and get out of the vehicle and sits on the bonnet. The man from the bus stop follows the woman as she walks towards the m an continuing to as for payment for his broken phone. The woman and the man sitting on the car argue apparently continuing their dispute from the phone call. When the man on the car askes who her companion is she replies just a friend at which point the man gets off the car and starts to approach the man from the bus stop somewhat menacingly.
A guy wore a suit lousily got off a car and shouted at a woman and wanted her to behave. The woman asked where is she back frantically. He said everything will be fine back. He saw there was another man standing nearby so he asked the woman who he was. The woman answered he's a friend. The other man further explained that he does not know the woman and was just there waiting for a bus.
The woman walks towards the car that is parked underneath the bridge. The man from the bus stop follows her asking for money for the broken phone but she does not respond. The man in the car gets out and sits on the car hood. The woman is clearly upset and starts shouting, asking 'where is she?' to the driver. The driver wants to know who the man from the bus stop is. The woman says he is a friend which makes the driver rather annoyed.
well the guy on the other end of the phone just pulled up and there arguying again
A man pulls up in his car but quite a distance from the woman and the man who hadnbeen asking her for money for his phone. The man gets out of the car. She starts walking toward the man and she's crying and the other guy follows behind her and asks her if she's okay. She swears at the man and says, Where is she? The man asks her who the guy is. She says, He's my friend. The other guy says, I don't know her. I was just waiting for the bus.
The man in the car turns off the music. He opens the car door and steps out. The woman is walking towards the car while the man from the bus stop follows asking for some money for his phone. She says out loud You've gone too far, too far this time. The man from the car sits on top of the bonnet of his car and says her name Chevon. She then asks the man on the car Where is she Bob?. Bob then says she should have listened or something to that affect. Bob then asks who the guy from the bus stop is. Chevon says he is a friend to which the guy from the bus stop says I am not her friend, I was just waiting at the bus stop.. Chevon moves towards the car.
The mysterious car man steps out of the car, as the woman and bus stop man advance down the road towards him. He is wearing a slightly odd outfit that looks a bit old fashioned. He addresses the woman and they ask each other what the other is doing, the bus stop man offers up some information to the mysterious car man and lets him know that he allowed her to borrow the phone as he was just waiting for the bus. 
The scene starts by the woman seeing a car in the distance under a bridge. The nblack car is a saloon. We cut to the back of the mans head, on his radio classical music is playing. Camera remains at the back of the man head, and then turns back to the woman, who is starting to walk towards the black car. Shes not so much walking but striding purposefully. The man in the red T shirt follows her asking for 60 dollars for his phone because its not broken, and the man continues to follow and ask her for money, but the women ignores everything that he says. Once the women is getting closer to the car, the man in the black car gets out and stands by his car. A name is exchanged (but cant remember) and the woman and man start to argue, including a question from the woman where is she the man replies you have to stop this and who is this pointing to the man in red. The woman replies hes a friend the mand in red says Whats?! I not a friend I just looking for some money because she broke my phone
the woman and the man waiting at the bus stop have been walking towards the man in the car. the man gets out and starts asking how she knows him
The man in the car turns off the music and the car. He gets out and ass the woman who the man in the red t shirt is, she says just a friend. She asks where she is.
The woman sees a car and begins walking toward it. There is a man in he car and he gets out of the car. The woman curses at him and tells him he is going to pay for what he did. The man from the bus stop is following her asking for money because she broke his phone. The man from the car asks her who is he and she said a friend. The woman asks the man where is she? The man proceeds to walk toward the man from the bus stop as if he thinks something is going on more than friendly between him and the lady
