The woman who got out of the car attempted to make a call on the pay phone but got angry and possibly smashed the phone and left it dangling off the hook. She looks around and sees the man standing at the bus stop and starts to walk over to him. As she walks over to him, the car she got out of starts to roll forward. As she reaches the man at the bus stop she asks to borrow his phone and says its an emergency . She also says she wont take it. The man starts to get something out of his pocket or his bag.
The woman that was trying to make a call failed and began to cry a bit. She walked towards the dude in a red shirt and asked to borrow his phone because of an emergency.
The woman was attempting to use the pay phone and couldn't get it to work. Her car slowly starts to roll away< but she does not seem to care. She approached the man waiting on the bus and asked if she could use his phone.
The lady had just come out of the car and tried to take out coins from the coin machine but it seemed like it was not working. So she went to the guy who was standing by the roadside and asked him for a phone.
The woman who got out of the car attempts to use a public telephone, but it appears to be broken. She seems to be very distressed, and does not even care that her car has been parked without the handbrake on, and has started to roll down the street. In her distress, she jogs across the road and approaches the sweating man at the bus stop and asks to borrow his phone. He takes his headphones off and reluctantly agrees to lend her his phone. She promises that she won't steal it from him.
The woman that got out of the car to use the phone can't get it to work, so she walks over to the man standing at the bus stop, and asks if she can borrow his phone, assuring him that she isn't going to take it away from him. In the meantime her car appeared to be slowly rolling away, the woman didn't seem to notice this happening.
The guy at the bus stop is watching a woman try to use a pay phone. The pay phone doesn't seem to work. She starts walking towards the guy who pretends not to be watching her. In the background her car, with the door still open, starts to roll away. As she gets near the guy she asks to borrow his phone and promises she won't steal it. The guy hands her his phone while sweat rolls down his face.
A woman frantically tries to use a public call box and her care starts slowly rolling away.She turns to a man waiting at a bus stop in the hot sun and asks to borrow his mobile phone. She promises not to take it and seems genuine.nThe man hands over his phone to her.
the women could not reach who they were trying to reach on the phone. She then walks across the road to the guy with headphones, while here car rolled down the street. he then asked for his phone which he have her
The woman tried to make the call but the phone box was nonoperational, , she started to make her way over to the man with the headphones shouting hey to get his attention as she did the car started to roll forwards, as she got to the man she looked back and saw the car moving but continued to talk to the man, asking to borrow his phone so that she can make a call, she assured him that she would not take it 
As the guy was staring at the lady across the street, she looked annoyed and looked at the guy. The car began to move on it's own with the door open. The lady then walked to the guy and asked for a phone.
The woman's car started to drive off slowly, then the girl comes close to the man in headphones and asks for a phone and states that it is an emergency and she won't steal it. The man gives her his phone.
The sweaty man watches the woman across the street struggle with the payphone. She turns from it with her hands over her mouth. She starts hastily walking toward the man. She exhaustedly and sternly asks if she can borrow his phone. Her truck starts rolling away in the background. She says she will not take his phone.
whilst a man is waiting at the bus stop he has a bag with what looks like ice cream which looks like its starting to melt, across the road a black suv pulls up and a lady jumps out and  goes to use the payphone, you see her smacking the handset indicating the phone does not work, she walks across to the man at the bus stop and asks to use his phone saying its an emergency, whilst she is doing this you see her car rolling
The lady who left the car starts rapidly tapping the dial button but it doesn't work. She covers her face in her hands and acts distressed. Her car starts rolling away but she doesn't seem to care. She spots the man at the bus stop and says I need o borrow it's an emergency. I promise I wont take it.
There is a man standing at a bus stop waiting for a bus. He looks to be either unwell or suffering from the heat as he is perspiring a lot. Suddenly an SUV pulls up on the opposite side of the road next to a telephone and a woman gets out leaving the driver's door wide open, she tries to use it but the telephone must be broken. Whilst this is happening the SUV slowly moves off. As the telephone must be broken and seeing the man on the other iside of the road, she walks across to ask him if she can use his phone.
The women was trying to make a call on the payphone but she was unsuccessful. She then goes to the man at the bustop to ask to use his phone as it is an urgent situation. He gives it.
The woman is at the payphone, and it's not working. Her car starts rolling away, bust she doesn't notice. She walks over to the man standing at the bus stop and asks for his phone. He gives it to her
The woman tries to get a ticket, but can't and walks over to the man with the headphones. While she does, in the back ground he car starts to slowly roll away. She doesn't notice. She asks the man to lend her his phone and says it's an emergency and that she won't take it. He hands it to her, and the car keeps moving.
when the woman could not use the pay phone she started to walk to guy whiles her car begin to move slowly she came to the guy to ask for his phone and he give it to her
The woman at the payphone get frustrated because it clearly was working. She turns around and puts her hand on head and her face, but as she does this her car is slowly rolling away with the door still wide open. Not paying attention to that, she spots the man at the bus stop and marches over to him. Once  in front she yells Hey Hey excuse me. He takes one of his headphones off his ears and is sweating tremendously while the lady asked to use his phone.
a man is standing at a bus stop. he sees a woman at the phone booth across the road from him. the woman is trying to use the phone but it does not seem to be working. she is becoming very agitated and angry with the phone, shaking it violently. meanwhile the vehicle she has got out of is slowly rolling away. she walks towards the man at the bus stop. she talks to be man and he removes his headphones. she asks if she can borrow some cash for the phone. 
There was a guy standing at a bus stop. Suddenly, across the street, a car comes flying by and stops in front of the pay phone. A woman jumps out of the car frantically and runs to the payphone. She tries to use it but it does not work. She then runs over to the guy and asks to use his phone.
The woman who jumped out of the car appeared to put some coins in the payphone but the payphone was not working. Looking frustrated and stressed she notices the guy who is standing at the bus stop. The car that the woman jumped out of started rolling forward on its own as the lady hurriedly started walking towards the guy at the bus stop and the car continued to roll. She asks if she can use his phone when she reaches the guy. And tells him that she's not going to steal it. The guy takes the phone out of pocket and hands it to the woman
The woman who pulled up in the black SUV tries to use the public payphone next to her car. It isn't working, she becomes frustrated and starts hitting it. Moments later, she walks over to where the main character is standing at the bus stop. In the background, you can see her SUV, with the door still open, starting to roll away. She asks to borrow the main character's phone, promising she won't take it. He removes his headphones, still sweating profusely, and with a confused look hands her his mobile phone.
the woman coming out of the black SUV hits the public phone a few times and looks distraught. she then walks to the guy in the red shirt asking to borrow his phone and reassuring him she will not steal it. it takes a few minutes for the guy to understand the woman as he was listening to music. while this is happening the Black SUV keeps rolling off as the woman did not apply the parking break
The phone doesn't work and the women is visibly annoyed. She walks towards the man at the bus stop and her car starts rolling down the hill. She turns and notices but ignores it. Speaking to the man, she asks to borrow the phone saying it is an emergency and that she will not steal the phone. The man at the bus stop hands her the phone.
The man at the bus stop looked on as the woman who had got out of the car tried to use the telephone. She became very frustrated and hit the phone box. As the man looked on, the woman turned around, saw him and started to walk over to him. Meanwhile, the car started to slowly roll forward with the door still open. Low ominous sounds started on the sountrack. The woman asked the man if she could borrow his phone. When he was reluctant, she said it was an emergency and that she was not going to take it. He handed his phone over and we saw her turn rapidly away from him.
The woman hits the payphone in frustration, crosses the road, and asks to use the guy's phone a couple of times, saying it's an emergency. The guy gets out his phone.
The woman who jumped out of her car to use the phone is having problems, her call isn't working and her car is slowly rolling away. She approaches the sweating man and asks if she can borrow his mobile phone, promising not to steal it. 
