The guy in the car walks up to the bus stop guy and gets VERY close. he demands of the woman to know if she told bus stop guy who he is. She replied that no one knows who you are, you cunt.nnAt this point, bus stop guy recognises the car guy as Aldini The Great, a magician from a local casino and the woman as his assistant. As Aldini bows to bus stop guy, his assistant pulls out a gun and points it at Aldini. Aldini then magics his own gun and they point at each other.
the man tells him he is a famous majician and the lady his asssistant.  he then points a gun at him.  the man looks scared
The car arrives and parks down the road from the two of them. The red top man just wants some money for the phone, however the women walks towards the parked car where the man gets out. nnThe mans name is told as Bob, and the running women mentions that the red top man is just a friend when challenged. Bob is reconisued as a magication who performs locally. Suddenly the women pulls a gun out and points it at Bob
The tall Brit walks over to bus stop guy, asking him if he knows who he is... the woman swears at him, asking where she is. Bus stop guy says, oh - you're the great *someone or other*. Woman pulls a gun! But the magician also - pow - magics up a pistol. 
The man asks the woman who the man from the bus stop is, to which she replies, He's just a friend. The man from the bus stop then interjects, saying that he doesn't actually know her and she just borrowed his phone, broke it, and now he wants money for it. The man from the car then asks if the man from the bus stop knows who he is to which the woman replies that nobody knows who he is. The man from the bus stop says, You're Aldini the Great, the magician! And she's your assistant! Aldini the Great verifies his identity with a smile, at which time the woman pulls out a pistol and threatens both men. Aldini the Great then waves his hand and conjures another gun. I've got one of my own.
The man from the car demands to know who the other man is.  He tells him he just let the woman use his phone and she broke it.  The woman keeps saying where is she - the man sayss... did you tell him who I am.  Sudden;u he recognises him as a magician.  Then the woman pulls out a gun, he asks her - is that thing loaded & says, well guess what I've got one of my own and a little gun magically appears in his hand
the man who was driving the car approaches the chap in the red shirt asking him do you know who I am? repeatedly, whilst the lady walks towards the mans car. the chap in red is scared but then realises he does actually know who he is. So he says (paraphrasing): Yeah I do know you, you're a local magician the chap in red then points to the lady in recognition and exclaims And you're his assistant!. The Magician bows with pride but at this point the lady has returned with a gun. when she sees the magician bowing the screams  shut the fuck up whilst pointing the gun at him, she is furious.
The man in the car gets out of the car and meets the main character. At first, the main character does not recognize him, but then he realizes the man is a famous magician. The woman does not care and she pulls out of a gun. The man laughs it off and does a magic trick with a gun in his hand.
As the woman walks to the back of the car to inspect the trunk, the magician moves menacingly towards the man. He asks the man 'do you know who I am?'. The woman comes back and starts shouting at him 'no one knows who you are you stupid cunt!'. The man then says, 'oh shit, you're Aldini the great, from the magic show at the casino, and you're his assistant'. She screams 'shut up! Where is she?' and pulls a gun out on him. He also pulls a small pistol out...
The man explains to the other guy that just pulled up that he was asking the woman for some money because she broke his phone. The man that got out of the car says do you know who I am? and the other guy says no, then the woman says nobody knows who you are and calls him the C word. Then the sweaty guy recognises him as a magician Aldini The Great or something like that, then the woman pulls out a gun and she's really angry, she points the gun at the sweaty guy and is shouting. The sweaty guy looks scared and anxious. Then the magician pulls out his own gun from nowhere, like a magic trick
The tall guy goes to the guy with the pink shirt. He asks if he knows him and he replies yes. Then the woman gets mad and pulls out a gun. The guy is actually a magician that also pulls out a gun.
The man who's phone got broken realises he recognises the man, he's the magician from the local casino. The woman is his assistant. She panics and pulls out a gun and aims it at the magician. He uses sleight of hand to produce one of his own.
The man explains to Bob that he was just a bystander who lent Shirelle his phone, as he intimidatingly walks towards him. He then recognises Bob as the magician from the local casino, and Shirelle as his assistant.  Shirelle pulls a gun on Bob whilst shouting Where is she!? angrily, and in return, Bob uses sleight of hand to produce a gun of his own.
The man from the car walks up to the sweaty man and he asks about his broken phone. They are about to argue but the woman rushes up between them and pulls out a gun. The sweaty man thinks he knows who they are and asks if they are a magic act.
The other man in the car approaches, he's probably the guy the woman called. He walks towards the guy and the woman, and then gets out. She says this time you've gone too far and says fuck you bob. She asks where 'she' is and the guys asks who the other guy is and she says it's a friend. Then she takes out a gun and points it and Bob also takes out a gun.
The strange man gets out of the car and asks about the girl and who is her friend. The strange man then walks over to the main character and asks if he know who is he. The girl says no one knows who he is. The strange man seems to get angry wanting to know if she told the main character who he is. Then the main character recognizes the man as the great aldi magician. The man bows and says yes he is. The main character also realizes the girl is the assistant, but then the women takes out a gun and tells them to shut up. Then the great aldi does a magic trick and brings out his own little gun.
The man gets out of the car and says to the man at the bus stop does he know who he is? He asks the lady if she has told him who he is. The man at the bus stop realises he knows the man is a magician called Aldini the great. The woman pulls out a gun. Aldini then pulls one out and says he has one too
The new man walks towards the man that had his phone smashed and got really close to his face and asked do you know who I am? The woman mocks the man and says no one knows who he is. Then the man with the broken phone recognizes the new man as the magician who performs at the local casino and the woman as his assistant. The magician bows. The woman pulls out a gun and aims it at both of them demanding to know where she is. The magician asks if the gun is loaded and then uses slight of hand to pull his own gun out of this sleeve. 
The man and the woman are business partners as a magic group. woman pulls a gun and asks where is she
The man in the car pulls over, and the woman starts walking towards his car. Following her is the man from the bus stop, just wanting his money! The older gentleman wanders over to the woman, and she starts yelling at him, asking where her friend is. Turns out the older gentleman is a magician from the casino and she is his assistant. The woman then pulls a gun out on the older gentleman, screaming where is she?
The woman approaches the man, who has got out of the car and is sitting on the front hood. The man asks who the young man is and she describes him as a friend. The young man explains he's just looking for payment for his phone. The man asks the young man if he knows who he is and the young man recognises him as Aldini The Great, who performs at the casinos. The young woman pulls a gun on him, yelling at him to shut up. Aldini magics a gun out of nowhere.
man who got out of car  walks up to younger guy who had headphone on originally. woman screams at guy from car saying where is she. guy says she needs to start behaving. asks who headphone guy is, the woman says he is a friend. Headphone guy says he isnt he was standing at bus stop. Car guy asks headphone guy if he knows who he is, headphone guy says yes you are magician. Woman pulls out gun then magician does same.
The man who drove up turned out to be the person the woman was talking to on the phone. He got paranoid when he noticed our boy from the bus stop and started hassling him. He recognized the man as a famous magician. He told the magician he just wanted money for his broken phone and she freaked out and pulled a gun. The magician made a gun appear out of nowhere and is now threatening everyone with it.
The lad explains that he is not her friend and that she borrowed his phone and broke it and he just wants the money for it, the man then asks him if he knows who he is and she tells him that nobody knows who he is and that he is a paranoid cunt and then asked him again where is she? the lad then recognises the man as being a magician and then realises that the woman is his assistant, the woman then pulls out a gun and then the magician magicically produces a gun of his own.
the wierdo man is a magician and the woman is his assistant. she points a gun and him then he maically has one too.
the man asks the guy at the bus stop if he knows who he is. After hesitating, he recognizes him as a magician. At that point the woman pulls a gun out and starts screaming but the magician pulls a trick and makes a gun of his own appear out of nowhere.
The man who was driving the car confronts the man that's wearing the headphones and asked him if he knows who he is. The man with the headphones recognizes that the drivers of magician who does shows. And then pulls a gun and starts yelling and the driver who we now know as a magician does a trick where a small gun shows up in his hand.
The guy in the car approches the broken phone guy. The broken phone guy says the other guy is a magician. Then the lady and the magic man both pull a gun.
The woman and the man walk over to the car which has driven towards them. Another man gets out of the car and starts to talk to the woman, they clearly know each other. The man from the car starts to argue with the woman and then walks over to the man who was waiting for the bus and asks who he is. The woman explains its her friend but the man explains that they actually dont know each other and he's just wanting money for his broken phone. The man from the car then walks over to him in an intimidating fashion and asks if he knows who he is. The man who was waiting for a bus then realises that he is a famous magician and the woman is his assistant. The woman then pulls out a gun and points it at the magician. The magician then pulls out a gun of his own. 
As the tall, thin man walks towards him, bus stop guy continues to explain that he was just waiting for the bus and doesn't know the woman.  Bus stop guy then recognizes the man as some famous magician and the man gives a slight bow.  The woman then asks the man where is she?   She pulls out a gun and points it at the man and yells again, where is she?!.  The man (the magician), then says , and I have one of my own and then does some kind of trick and suddenly has a small gun in his hand.
