They keep grossly barking at each other. Bus stop guy falls down and she crawls above him for a moment as if they are playful dogs. Then they crawl off together passing the car.
The woman that showed up that was barking and the bus man kept barking at each other as if they were talking and kept acting like dogs and then the man rolled on his back and it looked like they were going to start playfighting, then they walked away together while still acting like dogs.
Man #1 is now hypnotized and thinks he's a dog while barking and walking away he comes across Woman #2 who also thinks she's a dog they play with each other then walks away.
The magician and his assistant are dead with blood on the road. The headphones man now becomes a dog and begins barking, until he notices the missing woman who is barking at him. The pair of human dogs crawl and bark away together, playing and communicating in dog language as they travel.
The two humans are behaving like dogs constantly barking at one another and checking each other out, the move around one another, sniff one another and seem to be making attempts to communicate and sound each other off to see if one is the aggressor, she looks like she will fight the male but he retreats quickly and they up crawling off on all fours side by side 
A woman appears who the man in the red shirt was barking at and they continue to bark at each other. She goes to almost tickle him while barking still as he flails his legs with his back on the ground and they continue barking and start to crawl past the car on its right hand side. 
The main character and the new woman (The other hypnotized dog woman) then start sniffing one another and getting to know one another better, the main character then lays on his back, showing submission towards the other woman (woman also hypnotized believing she is also a dog) they both then walk away together, on all fours like dogs.
Both the man and woman are acting like dogs. They sniff each other out. The man rolls on to his back in a playful manner. it appears they trust each other. They begin crawling walking in the same direction together. 
The main character starts play fighting with the other woman who has also been hypnotized to think she is a dog, then they start walking off together (still thinking they are dogs) 
The kid is now a dog and is barking, sees the girl that the woman was looking for and she is crawling around like a dog too 
Now the guy and a new girl are sniffing each other likes dogs.  The crawl down the street, he get s on his back and kicks his legs.  Then continues them both walking like dogs and barking past the car
The woman and the man continue to crawl around on all fours, barking as if they fully believe they are actually dogs. The only human elements remaining are their physical appearance and the headphones around the man's neck that are still playing music. The man and the woman who are now acting exactly like dogs would, investigate each other, going as far as sniffing their behinds, and then crawling away from the camera underneath the bridge. 
The young man and the young girl are barking at each other and sniffing each other, just like dogs. They stop barking and walk off on all fours down the road together happily.
The two people continue to behave like dogs, barking, sniffing and walking on all fours. The walk off together in the same direction
the guy from bus stop has been hypnotised into a dog and the a girl appears who has also been hypnotised into a dogthey both familiarlise there selfs too each other and then walk away together
The bus stop guy is acting like a dog because he just got hypnotized. There's a random girl who appears and shes acting like a dog as well. They both are sniffing, barking and playing around like dogs and they just walked off together.
The bus stop man starts barking like a dog. Another woman comes from the direction of the car and she too is barking - both are on all fours - they appear to be hypnotised.
The woman walks towards the magician - points her gun and shoots in. Not quite sure if she she shut herself. Anyway they seem both dead - the man with the headhone starts barking like a dog - he is on all fours. A woman on all fours on all fours appears from the direction of the car barking. The are both barking and sniffing each other out.7
The bus stop man was hypnotized into thinking he is a dog. He sniffs and plays around with the woman from the trunk of the car who also thinks she is a dog. The 2 crawl away from the scene together after a few seconds.
the woman walked up and shot the magician. after he fell, he shot her. the man in red started acting like a dog, he licked some spilled ice cream off the ground and started barking. then he sniffed the dead woman. he started to crawl towards the magicians car and bark. as he did this a woman was acting like a dog, barking and crawling towards him. they barked and sniffed at each other like dogs and then crawled away together past the car. 
The sweaty man who has now taken on the persona of a dog, begins to crawl around a new woman, who is wearing a long off white floral dress. They begin to circle each other and then start play fighting with each other. The pair then right themselves, and begin crawling to what looks like the direction of the Cadillac that belonged to Aldini. 
The woman brought gun and shut he man and the man shut her too. the guy behaving like a dog barking and another lady doing the dog stuff with him too
man dog (poor guy), and woman dog (the elusive she) continue sniffing each other and for a second there I thought man is it gonna get a bit horny i really hope not. Anyway he's on his back with his legs in the air like a good little dog and she's having a sniff. they get up and crawl off into the sunset next to the car
Dog-boy and dog-girl continue to bark at other a bit, do a bit of playful fighting, then head off together while continuing to act like dogs. 
The guy and the lady continue crawling next to each other while barking. The guy rolls over on his back while barking and the lady barks on top of his chest. the crawl side by side past the car.
The women walked away from the car towards the magican and the guy on the floor and with her gun extended shot the magican in the chest as she was livid with what he had done.While in agony on the floor the magician fired back at her and with one shot supposedly killed her...it seemd that they were both dead on the floor.The guy with the headphones on then started licking the ice cream and barking like a dog,also what was in the boot of the car come to him crawling on all fours and barking like a dog.I appeared after they sniffed and played with each other the magician had turned them both into dogs and they walkied away happily together.
Having the man turned into a dog, he met a female human also now acting in dog-like behavior. At first, they seemed to argue, before playing fighting with one another. They then crawled off under the tunnel towards the car, barking as they went. All very odd and peculiar!!
The sweaty man continues acting like a dog and barking, specifically towards the other woman who has appeared and who also seems to be acting like a dog, which seems to be the consequence of the botched incantation from the magician (now deceased). The man and the woman sniff at each other and mock fight like real dogs, before continuing to crawl off down the road from where the magician's car arrived, all the while barking. 
The man and girl who have been hypnotised still act like dogs and play with each other before walking off, still on their hands and knees, still acting as dogs.
Dog-girl and dog-boy approach each other as 2 dogs might, they sniff each other's bottoms, he rolls over onto his back and she 'attacks' in a playful way with no malice or ill-intent, then he rolls back onto all fours and together they head off in the direction that the 2nd car came from.
