The two of them walked down to the car and the driver got out. The girl and the driver started arguing after the girl asked him 'where is she'
The man follows the woman towards the car asking if she can pay him some money for his broken phone. She walks up to the car as a man gets out. She says, fuck you Bob after he greets her. He says she'll be fine and she says where is she? 
The woman approaches the man in the stopped vehicle. The man from the bus stop continues to follow the woman because he wants compensation for the broken phone. The man in the vehicle steps out and the woman calls him Bob. Bob says the woman needs to start behaving. The woman accuses Bob of going too far and asks where another woman is.
The woman starts walking towards the car with the man who's phone she smashed falling asking for her to pay for the phone. The man in the car and sits on the bonnet. The man on the bonnet says everything is going to be okay. The woman replies where is she.
the lady walks toward the guy with the earring's car the guy in the red t-shirt follows behind her stilll asking about the phone money, she seems to not care. The guy with the earring stops his car and gets off and sits on the hood of the car as she approaches him and yells where is she 
The woman approached the man in the car while the other man was asking for money for his broken the phone. The man got out and the woman started talking with him. The woman said fuck you while the man said to behave and that everything would be ok, before the woman asked where is she? Meanwhile the other man was just ignored.
The lady ignored the owner of the mobile phone and she then said, He's here. There was a car that's driven up the road and parked some distance away. She walked towards the car and the bus stop man follows her, still asking her to pay him 60 bucks for damaging his mobile phone. In the meantime, the man told thehe lady that she should remain calm. She replied Fuck you. Where is she?
In the previous scene the woman had smashed the man's phone on the ground. The man asked the woman if she had any money to reimburse him for the phone. The camera then cut to a man in a car, with music playing. The man pulled up in the car under a bridge, and got out. The woman walked over to the man and said 'Fuck you. Where is she?' The man said 'I told you everything would be OK, and it will be'.
The headphone guy follows the irate lady who has just smashed his phone. He is asking her for some money. We again see a mysterious man from behind in his car. The car pulls up and he gets out and proceeds to sit on the bonnet hood looking towards the irate lady. He seems to know her as her says !what the hell Cherone? Cherone calls him Bob and then exclaims; Where is she?
The main character, the guy with headphones who borrowed the lady's phone, kept telling her that the phone she threw down was broken and that she had some money to get it fixed. The lady however paid no attention to what he was saying as she kept on walking approaching a guy with a car she seemed to be angry with. she started swearing at the guy with a guy and he leaned on his car talking to her back. 
The woman approaches the car and the man gets out. He sits on the bonnet and tells her that everything is going to be okay. The woman responds by asking where she is.
she then start arguing on is cell phone then smashes it to the ground   hes asks if he can have payment for is broken phone bur she walks of to this car with a man playing loud music 
The guy asked the woman for $50 for his broken phone. The women makes her way towards the car that just pulled up and a man gets out. He tells her that everything will be ok. She asks 'where is she'?
The man continues asking the woman for money to replace his broken phone, whilst she walks over to the car. A man steps out of the car, who the woman refers too as Bob, and Bob subsequently refers to the woman as Cheryl. Cheryl then asks Bob where is she?
The woman get's mad and throws the phone in the street and breaks it.  The man is asking her for money to replace the broken phone.   Another car arrives.  She walks down the street (ignoring the request to replace the phone) towards the other car.  A man gets out and leans on the hood, he tells her to behave.   She's asking where is she??
The woman begins walking towards the man that was in the car and mutters to herself out of frustration. The man stepped out of the car and through dialog, we learn the woman's name is Cheryl and the man with the car is named Bob. Bob said something to Cheryl and Cheryl asked ,where is she in a frustrated manner.
The man asks again for money for his broken phone. The woman who appears to be in her night clothes walks up to the white vehicle that has pulled up. The man gets out of the vehicle. The woman says This time you've gone too far!. The man leans against his car and says Sharelle, Fuck You! You've got to behave and everything will be ok The woman shouts back at him, asking Where is she?!
The lady went to the car, the driver got out and they started arguing. She asked where is she?
The man from the bus stop continues to ask the woman for money for his phone. She notices the car that just pulled up, and walks towards it whilst mumbling threats. He turns the music and car off, and gets out of the car. He sits on the bumper waiting for her. She comes over and swears at him, whilst he tells her to behave. She asks where is she? 
The young guy that borrowed the lady her phone that she damaged was going after her when she was moving towards the direction of a car that stopped a little bit far from them. He was asking, if he could get a little box from the lady to probably replace her phone. The lady in question was moving towards the vehicle that stopped. A man came out from the vehicle. The lady used the F word on him . He said the lady should start behaving that everything will be okay. She asked the man where is she
A man shows up driving a car, the woman walks up to it. The main character follows her asking for money for the broken phone. The man gets out of the car and he and the woman start arguing.
She walks over to the car and the man from the bus stop follows her, pleading for some kind of compensation for the broken phone. A man gets out of the car and they exchange words and the man from the car tells her that some other unknown woman is going to be ok.
The women walked over to the man in the car while the man who's phone was broke followed her asking for money for it. The man proceeds to get out the car and sit on the hood in a calm state and tells the women to keep behaving to which the women who was panicking more replied  where is she .
The woman says hes here as a man named bob drives from the opposite direction towards them and parks on an underpass as the woman walks fastly towards him telling him hes gone too far.  Bob says she needs to behave and that somebody else will be ok like he told her.  The guy from the corner with the phone is still holding its pieces as he follows her and asks for money again for the broken phone.  She isn't acknowledging anything he is saying.
bus stop guy asks the woman for some money for the phone, but she's not listening, shes walking towards the man that arrived in the car.  She swears at car man and asks where is she
The guy with the headphone follows the woman, while asking for 50 bucks to fix the phone she smashed, She walks up to the man in the car, who is now out of the car, and they talk
The man from the bus stop rushed to grab his phone and realized it was broken so he asked the lady for 60 bucks for his phone, when a car pulled under the bridge with classical music on. There was a man inside the car watching the two from a distance, that is when the lady saw him and the one from the bus stop asked who that is? she then started walking fast towards the car muttering something of anger and the man from bus stop chased behind still asking for money for his phone. The gentleman in the car turns off the engine and gets out, gets into a conversation with the lady saying what the hell Cheryal? I told you everything will be fine. She then responds saying  Where is she?
The man that gets out of the car and tells the woman she has to stop and the woman is mad asking where she is. The woman has nit answered the man with the cell phone 
The woman walks towards the car that has just pulled up. The man whose phone she broke is following her towards the car. The man dressed in a suit, gets out the car. The woman confronts the man asking where 'she is'.
The woman walks towards the car with the man inside whilst the bus stop guy asks if she can pay for his broken phone. The woman asks the man where is she. We find out she is called cherelle and he is called bob. Bob says that she is going to be OK. 
