The two people who think they are dogs start to crawl away on all fours. They pass the car, from which the dog girl possibly got out of the boot. The film then ends.
The two people with dog spells cast on them crawled down the road and the movie ended.
The two dogs crawled off together.
Now both the lady dog and the man-dog continued barking moving closer to the car
The humans who think they are dogs continue to crawl away side by side past the car. This appears to be the end of the short film, or the end of this sequence.
The man, still acting like a dog, is sniffing and investigating the woman he's encountered, who also appears to be acting like a dog, I assume she was also hypnotised by the stranger, and potentially is connected to the original woman. They playfully interact for a few seconds before crawling off, past the car.
The boy and girl both crawl away on all fours, both of them still believing they are dogs
The innocent bystander and a woman from inside the boot both acts like dogs and it looks like they have both been put under a spell.nThey start smelling each other as dogs do and behaving very much like dogs.nThey finally crawl off together in a dog-like fashion barking together.
the two humans act as dogs continue to bark and crawl off into the distance together
the two humans who apprear to be under some curse crawl to the side of the car, still barking and walking side by side, the video then ends crashes?
The guy and the lady were both barking like dogs. They began circling each other and crawled towards the car.
The 2 characters walked away barking at each other.
The sweaty man continues on all fours down the street with his female companion. They both bark and walk side by side past the dead magician's vehicle.
both the man and woman crawl off barking and playing with each other
The two people, still crawling as if they are dogs, travel down the road past the car, occasionally barking.
The man and the woman who were acting like dogs move off down the road towards the SUV.
The guy from the bustop meets a woman in a white dress that also acts like a dog and the two of them start crawling away like dogs.
The woman in the trunk, and the man at the bus stop crawl way together
Phone guy crawls away barking at something out of shot. It's a young woman, who is crawling towards him and barking. They sniff each other and play a bit at greeting and then they crawl together away from the bodies and past the car.
the two people crawled away still acting like dogs
Both of them crawl off like dogs and continuing barking
a woman who was in the back of the car appears. she is also behaving like a dog and is on all fours and is barking. the man from the bus stop who thinks he is a dog approaches her and they both start sniffing each other. they play and then walk off together away from the scene.
The man and the woman just crawl away together like two dogs.
The bus stop and the new girl appear to both be under the same hypnosis as they continue behaving like dogs. The continue moving on all fours as they move past the side on the magicians car.
The main character and the new female, both acting and behaving as if they were dogs, walk next to and away from the parked car, still on all fours. The camera pans upward and away from them.
the two hypnotized people start puppy playing like dogs, then start walking off screen on all fours passing the magician car. the scene ends 
The two 'dogs' crawl off side by side seemingly happy in each others company down the road.
The two dog-people continued to sniff around each other and bark. Gradually they became more playful in their behavior and started to crawl off together. We saw them crawl past the car away from us.
The two human-dogs crawl off into the distance.
The barking man hears another dog barking which turns out to be the woman, they greet each other and act as dogs do, sniffing each other and so on. They are crawling on all fours.
