As the bus stop guy starts crawling off to the side he continues to bark like a dog and start sniffing. Another woman, brown hair, slim, around 25 enters the scene and she is doing the same, she is also a dog and is crawling and sniffing and barking and the two start circling eachother and sniffing eachother. She must have been in the back of the var.
The bus stop man is crawling along, barking, while the two others are lying dead shot. There is a sound of another dog barking. Eventually we see what he is crawling towards - a woman who is also crawling along and barking, presumably also a victim of the magician's magic. They meet and sniff each other. 
After the man and women shoot each other. The man with the broken phone walks away on all fours and he thinks he is a dog. he barks and moves away. he approaches a women who is also barking and thinks she is a dog. She seems to have came out the trunk of the magician. They then sniff each other like dogs.
the guy continues acting like a dog and walks on all fours up towards the car where you could hear barking coming from, as he gets closer a younger female is on all fours also acting like a dog and barking and they start sniffing each other 
The man wearing the headphones is now fully in a hypnotised state and thinks he is a dog. He starts walking on all fours down the street as he hears another dog barking. He follows where the barking is coming from, responding sporadically with his own barks, when he finally catches up with the other 'dog' however it turns out that it wasn't an actual dog, but a woman who had also been hypnotised into thinking she was a dog. They bark at eachother a little then proceed to sniff eachother, getting eachothers scent.
The main character (who is still hypnotised as a dog), crawls off barking down the road in the direction of the sound of another dog barking. It then emerges that the other dog is another woman who has been hypnotised to be a dog. They go up to each other, and then go around in circles like dogs do, whilst sniffing each other's bottoms.
This movie is crazy. So, The magic man turn the man with the broken phone into a dog. He's acting like a dog and the lady comes back, shoots the magic man, and before the magician died he shot the lady. The guy who is now a dog starts barking and walking like a dog. A ladydog comes out of the car and starts barking. They seem fond of each other. He smells her butt..
So then Bob completes his chant and tells random guy to sleep. The bag falls out of his hand and he collapses having a seizure. The ice cream is spilt all over the floor near him. nBob swears having found out he messed up the chant or spell and pulls a piece of paper out of his pocket to read it again to see where he went wrong. nWhilst hes reading Cheryl walks over to him and shoots him, he collapses and whilst laying on the floor he shoots back, she also collapses and is cold out. nAt this moment we realise the chant turned the guy into a dog him acting like a dog whilst still looking like himself. He licked the ice cream off the flood and sniffed Cheryl whilst going past her. nHe starts barking and here we see another human lady who is also barking back at him, they circle each other sniffing. It seems this was his other try and the first time it went wrong with the girl wearing the dress. 
The man starts barking at the source of a barking noise and starts moving towards it on all fours making angry barking sounds while moving forward. The next shot reveals the source of other barking noise to be a young woman in a night dress in a similar state as the man with headphones. The both continue to bark at each other while moving towards the backside of the woman barking and sniffing.
The hypnotized man continued crawling and barking, and then barking could be heard outside the picture. The barking was coming from a woman in a white dress, and the man approached her and they started smelling each other, as  dogs would do.
After Bob and the lady have shot each other, the guy crawls away like a dog, stil barking.nHe crawls a  short distance and he starts barking.nThen appears another younger woman on all fours, barking like a dog.nShe must have met Bob before, as she seems to be under his spell also.nTo 2 bark and each other, then sniff each others butts. lol 
The bus stop guy who's been turned into a dog woofs and barks his way past the dead pair of magicians laying in the road. He crawls along on all fours and meets a woman who's also been turned into a dog, who is woofing and barking toward him. They were circling around each other sniffing each other's butts when you woke up just now. 
The bus stop man still thinks he is a dog and is barking at a real dog who is barking back, the bus stop man approaches the barking and it turns out to be a woman barking!
The guy in the headphones starts crawling around and barking like a dog. He comes upon a young woman in a dress who is also crawling around and barking like a dog. They go up to each other and start checking each other out. 
The guy in the red top, who seems to now have taken the mental form of a dog, is crawling across the ground - doing some sniffing and barking occasionally. He is on all fours. Then, out of nowhere, we see a woman in a green top who is also on all fours on the ground, crawling over to him and she is also barking. They begin to circle each other, smelling each others rear ends - like dogs do.
The man and woman then shoot each other and the young man suddenly wakes up and has turned into a human like dog and is now constantly barking and as the camera pans a young girl is also a human like dog.
the guy began to craw towards the mans car and he was barking like a dog and he met another lady that was barking like a dog to and the both started sniffing each other butt
The man continues to bark and walk like a dog, his headphones hanging around his neck, still playing the music he was listening to. Suddenly, we see a woman, also walking and barking like the dog. They start sniffing at each other and barking at each other.
The man continues to crawl and bark towards the car when we see a woman who is also behaving like a dog. The two continue to bark at each other whilst sniffing each other.
The bus stop man was on all fours & was walking & barking like a dog. You could hear another dog barking in the background.  The man walked away from the bodies of the other man & the woman. He stopped to sniff the woman. He walked towards the car while barking. The sound of the other barking was getting louder & a young woman, also on all fours like a dog, was walking towards him barking. It was likely this woman was from the boot of the car.  They approached one another & sniffed each other's bottoms.
The bus guy continues to crawl away barking. He is barking at something and eventually we see another lady who is in the same trance as him. They sniff each other and it stops at them smelling their butts.
The bus stop boy begins, barking like a dog and walks away from the scene, crawling on all falls towards another woman, who is also in a dog trance, where they bark at each other.
The phone who has now seemingly been transformed into a dog starts to move up the road on all fours towards the all the while braking and we can hear another dog barking in the distance. The other bark gets closer and closer until it is revealed that the other bark is coming from a young woman who also seems to have been turned into a dog. They begin to sniff each other.
The guy with the headphones, seems to be acting like a dog, on all fours and barking. He is crawling along the floor, when a young lady appears and starts barking and acting like a dog too. they approach each other, while barking and sniffing each others behinds.
The man with the headphones falls to the ground and seems to turn into a dog. The magician and the woman shoot each other and both appear to be dead. The man with the headphones then crawls off barking and encounters a woman who is also acting like a dog. 
The male character whose phone was broken started acting like a dog after the incantation and starts barking like a dog in response to another bark. He crawls like a dog while barking and sees a girl doing same as him and the girl was the one barking with him.
The man continues to behave as if he's a dog, barking and crawling on all fours. There is another set of barks that can be heard, as the man approaches this is revealed to be a woman who is also acting like a dog. They greet each other and interact as 2 dogs typically would.
THe manstarted acting like a dog and walked away on all fours barking. He met another person, a young lady, who was acting the same way and they were barking at each other and started to circle each other and sniff each other's butts. 
Sweaty man has been hypnotized into thinking he is a dog and craws along the road in the direction of the car. Another dog can be heard barking and sweaty man barks in response to this. We then see that the other barking is coming from a woman who has also been hypnotized into thinking that she is a dog.
The made who has been cast in a spell by the now deceased magician is crawling and acting like a dog, barking as he crawls on the street. He proceeds to meet another human, who is also spellbound and acting like a dog, and barking. The male seems to be interested and possibly lusts the female acting like a dog.
