The woman is on the phone and screams 'I will go to the police' a few times and then frustrated slams the phone on phone on the floor and it shatters.nThe guy goes to the middle of the road and kneels down with his shattered phone in his hand and goes miss this phone is broken, can I get like 6 bucks for it. The woman is still whimpering on the side of the road.
The woman shouts at someone on the mobile phone, threatening to call the police. She throws the phone on the ground, breaking it. The man who loaned her the phone asks her if he could have $60 for the phone.
the woman shouts down the phone she is going to go to the police then throws the phone on the ground and walks away. The guys pickes up his phone and says it is broken can she give him 60 bucks for the damage
The man who is waiting at a bus stop is watching the lady as she tries to use a payphone. The payphone doesn't seem to work which causes the lady to become angry and frustrated. She walks over to this man and asks him if she can borrow his phone, and she says that she won't steal it. The man gives her his phone and then she starts calling somebody and walks over to the other road, and stands in the middle of the road. She tells the person on the phone, she will call the cops and that she isn't afraid. Something causes her to become angrier and she breaks this man's phone by throwing it at the ground. The man tells her that the phone is broken and asks her if he can get like 60 bucks for it. He calls her Miss, but she doesn't turn around to talk to him.
The woman, who isn't as young as MC thought she was, doesn't get good news on the phone call. She then threatens the guys she's calling with going to the cops and then smashes the phone. The guy then asks here to pay for the phone.
she's on the phone saying she is here... then says i'll go to the police. Whoever she is talking to hangs up... and she slams the phone down on the the floor, smashing it.nnThe man walks over to it, says it is broken and says he wants $60 bucks for it.
The woman is on the borrowed phone angrily stating she will go to the police. She is pacing up and down in the road while arguing. She then slams the phone to the ground, clearly breaking it. The man whose phone she borrowed rushes over and picks up the phone, and then asks her to give him 60 bucks for the broken phone. 
The woman was talking on a cell phone that belonged to the man.  She was agitated.  She said, I will go to the police.  Then she stopped talking on the phone and threw it to the ground, breaking it.  She was crying.  The man went to his phone, picked it up, and said, Miss, this phone is broken.  Can I get like $60 for it?  The woman continued crying.
The lady, after getting out of the car, did not approach the man at the pavement edge.   Instead she tried to make a call from the nearby public telephone.nShe seemed to be in a panic.nShe was not successful making a call and rushed towards the man who was still wearing headphones.  He took the headphones off and listened as the lady asked to use his 'phone.  He gave her his 'phone.nnThe lady walked a short distance away, made a call and was distressed shouting she would go to the police.  I guess the person at the other end hung up and she kept  Hello, hello.nnThe lady walks back to the man, after throwing his phone down.  The man tells her the 'phone is broken and cost $50.
The woman who took his phone starts yelling into it frantically that she will call the police over and over. She then takes the phone and smashes it into the ground where we can see it breaks. The guy whose phone she took is watching, with sweat dripping from his head. He picks up his broken phone. He starts asking her, Miss, Miss, the phone is broken. Then he asks her if she thinks he can get $60 for it. She ignores him and seems uninterested in him.
The female driver who now has the man waiting at the bus stop's phone, proceeds to have a one sided heated conversation with someone called Bob , sayign she will tell everyone and go to the police. Clearly the person on the other end of the line hangs up and the woman smashes the phone to teh floor in frustration. The man waiting at the bus stop picks up teh clearly broken phone and starts to ask the lady if she will give him $60 for teh broken phone.
The woman begins to shout to the other person on the phone, threatening to call the police on them. The person then hangs up on her and the woman smashes the phone on the ground. She then walks off a bit a seems distressed and upset. The man goes to pick up his phone and politely asks her if she can give him 60 dollars for his phone she just broke. She does not respond.
The woman threatens the person on the phone that she will go to the police. She then smashes the phone on the street. The man who lent her the phone asks for 60 bucks compensation.
A woman is standing loudly talking on a mobile phone. She then reacts badly and throws the phone down with force and it breaks on the road. The man in the pink top lowers his headphones then goes to pick up the broken phone. He asks the woman if he can get $60 to compensate for the phone because he leant her his mobile phone. Then the woman turns around to speak to him.
Turns out the woman was running to the phone booth and not boot. She then asks to borrow the man's mobile phone to make a call. She's on call screaming that she will go to the police, she looks agitated and panicked, upset even. She is now angry and smashes the man's phone to the floor infrustration. The man picks up the phone and informs the now crying woman that the phone is broken, and asks whether he can get u00a360 .
The lady was pacing up and down the road with bare feet yelling and swearing at someone on the phone. She then became really angry and threw the phone to the floor. The man went over and picked his phone up, realising it is broken whilst the lady stood fearful.
The woman is pacing on the phone and is screaming about jail. She gets hung up on and throws the phone on the floor breaking it. The man she borrowed it from asks if he can get 60 dollars to fix it
The distressed woman who approached the man standing on the sidewalk walks briskly toward him from across the street, even as her SUV car appears to be rolling slowly down the street. She doesn't care, as she continues to storm to the man. She asks the man for his phone. The man is squinting with his face covered in sweat, as he stares at her befuddled. He ends up handing over his phone to her. She grabs the phone then walks barefoot into the middle of the street, and yells repeatedly, I'm gong to the police! In frustration, she throws the phone down onto the street where we hear the phone crash. The guy who lent her the phone goes over to the spot where the phone landed. He squints at her, as he's squatting on the street, before he tells her the phone is broken and if she has $60. 
The guy that was waiting for the bus is sweating like crazy. The lady who jumped out of her car tried to call from a phone on the side of the road. The phone didn't work so she looked across the street and walked over to the man at the bus stop. She looked very upset and asked if she could borrow his phone. she said she wouldn't steal it. She made a call while walking away but got very upset and made threats to the person she called. This made her so made she threw the guys phone down and it broke. The man picked up the pieces and said it was broken and maybe she could give him $60 for it. She was too upset and ignored him
The woman who walks out of the van tries to use a payphone next to her to no avail as the man at the bus stop watches. Once she realizes the payphone will not work she notices the man and walks up to him as her van slowly rolls away. She begs him for his phone and says she will give it back after she makes a call. Eventually the man relents and let's her use the phone. He watches as she walks over to the other side of the street to make the call. As she talks to the man on the phone she progressively gets more frustrated saying she will call the police yelling. She does this until she has had enough and angrily throws the phone on the street. Breaking it. As the guy walks over to where the phone is the women visibly starts to cry and become more distressed. The guy says to her that she broke his phone and she needs to pay for it. 
The woman calls someone on the man's  she's clearly upset. She's screaming on the phone, threatening to call the police. Suddenly, she throws the phone on the ground and it shatters to pieces. The guy walks over to the broken phone and says Miss, this phone is broken. Do you think I could get like 60 bucks for it?
after she gets the phone from the guy, she walks a short distance away and starts arguing with someone on the phone. She is saying things like I will tell everyone you know and I will go to the police. Then she gets frustrated and smashes the phone on the ground. The guy goes and scoops up the remains of his phone and tells the lady that she broke it and asks for some money to cover the cost.
The woman tries to use a pay phone but it doesn't work. She quickly makes her way over to the bus stop man and asks to borrow his phone as it's an emergency. He agrees and gives it to her. She walks away while dialling. She says I'm here, it is unclear what the other person says, then she screams I will call the police! I will call the police! ... Hello? Hello? She is very distressed and frustrated, and throws the phone to the floor in anger. The man crouches and picks up the broken phone, saying, Miss...miss, can I get like $60 for this phone? It's broken.
The woman is screaming down the borrowed phone saying she is going to call the police. Angrily she throws the phone to the ground. The man waiting for the bus who is the owner of the phone looks horrified,and picks up the phone telling the woman it is broken. He asks if he can get 60 bucks for it.
honestly i would just rewind this and let my friend watch im not in the mood to describe movies to a person thats not respectful enough to stay awake or go to bed and watch it with me later
The woman asked the guy at the bus stop for his phone and he gave it to her. She starts having an argument with someone and threatens them that she was call the police. She angrily hangs up and smashes the guys phone. He calmly looks at his broken phone and asks her for $60 for it.
The woman frantically tries to phone someone at the telephone booth. She presses many buttons at a time, that can be heard even with the loud music coming from the headphones. She hits the booth in frustration and makes her way towards the guy, trudging angrily. She shouts for his attention and asks to use his phone, promising she will not run away with it. He gives her the nphone and she calls someone. She states u201cIu2019m hereu201d and quickly becomes very frustrated, threatening to call the police on whoever she has called. Out of frustration she throws the phone on the ground, smashing it. The phone is returned to the man, who reiterates the phone is broken. He asks for $60 to cover it.
The woman he lent his phone to is speaking to someone on the phone and threatening to call the police on them. Theres obviously a problem shes upset about. She gets angry and smashes the phone to the ground and starts crying. The guy picks up his phone, tells her its broken and aske if she thinks he could get 60 bucks for it
The woman paces around barefoot, while shouting into the phone that she will call the police. She then throws the phone to the ground in frustration. The guy walks over to it, picks it up and sees that it is broken, so politely asks the woman if he can get 60 bucks for it. The woman has her back turned and does not answer.
The woman is yelling and screaming into the phone that she will go the police. She then throws the phone on the ground in a rage. She is crying and pacing. The guy checks the phone and says miss the phone is broken. you think I can get $60 for it? The woman ignores him.
