A woman pulls up across the street and runs to a nearby telephone. She frantically tries to use it and it looks like she's unable to, then she starts covering her face and maybe crying. The guy at the bus stop is staring at her. Her car appears to still be in drive because it is slowly moving. 
A black car came and suddenly stopped and a woman came out of it going straight to a pay phone which didn't work and she seemed upset by it. The guy watches while still listening to his music and the car starts rolling a bit, with the woman being obviously distressed.
A random car stops and a woman gets out to use a payphone. The payphone doesn't work also she left the car running so it inches down the street. She walks toward the man.
A black car zooms past the man on the road, but it suddenly stops. Out pops a white woman who goes to the machina to get a parking ticket. She has left the handbrake off so the car starts moving with the doors open. The man with the white headphones watches this all happen, and then the woman spots the man.
A black 4 by 4 appears across the junction, it comes in at a speed and wheels screech as it's breaks quickly outside a payphone. A women jumps out leaving the car open and frantically tries to make a call, it appears the phone isn't working and she looks rather distressed as she covers her face the car slowly begins to creep forward and roll away without her noticing
An older jeep SUV black vehicle comes speeding on the person at the bus stop's right, and comes to a screeching halt. He watches as a female with orange hair, shorts, and a light flowery cover-up runs out of her driver side and opens the car door, leaves it open, and then runs to a pay meter and tries typing in something to it. It doesn't work and she is seen putting her hands on her face in frustration and her car is slowly starting to roll down the street while the camera zoomed into the person at the bus stops face as he is squinting watching what she is doing. 
The main character waiting at the bus stop, while sweating prefusely stands and waits, then a black jeep comes rushing past, and suddenly brakes, the Jeep comes to a sudden stop, a woman jumps out and rushes to the payphone, she tries to make a call, but we can hear the phone is not working as she is pressing the hanger clip, she then turns around and starts crying, and then suddenly the Jeep starts slowly moving forward, which means she forgot to put up the handbrake
As the man waited in the heat for the bus stop, a car drives past speedily and stops across the road very quickly. A woman appeared out the car, and the man waiting at the bus stop watched her. The woman looks stressed out. She attempts to use a road-side payphone, but it appears to not be working. She then hits the payphone out of frustration and looks incredibly distressed. As she is not paying attention to her vehicle, it starts rolling away as she has likely left the hand brake off. The man sees all of this happen. 
The main character who is waiting for the bus see's a black 4x4 speeding past, it stops next to the payphone and a woman who looks distressed gets out and starts trying to use it. As she tries to get the payphone to work her car starts rolling away, she doesn't notice but she then spots the main character looking at her and starts to walk over.
a man is waiting for a bus on a seemlingly hot day. an suv pulls to a stop across the street from him in a hurry, and a woman with curly hair gets out to use the pay phone. She shows frustration as its not working as she hits it 
A jeep cherokee comes racing down the street, and stops across the intersection from the guy.  A woman hastily jumps out and runs to the payphone.  Its not working.  She bashes the receiver in anger.  The guy is watching all of this, and then her car starts to roll forward without her
A 4x4 vehicle speeds past the man standing at the bus stop. It brakes harshly to a halt below the freeway. The left car door opens, presumably the drivers seat as the surroundings appear to be in america, and a young woman with blonde curly hair and loose clothing jumps out. She runs to a payphone at the side of the street, frantically pressing buttons. She then stands back and holds her face in shock or despair. The man in the pink shirt watches on, perhaps now wondering what the problem might be
A man in his 20s is stood at a bus stop. It is a very hot day and he is wearing headphones and sweating in the sunshine. He is carrying a bag containing strawberry ice cream, which is melting. As he is standing there, a dark coloured Jeep pulls up across the street. It screeches to a stop and a lady with dark, curly hair gets out and runs to the public pay phone just by the car. She starts pressing the buttons trying to get through and then starts crying, putting her head in her hands. She hasn't noticed that her car has started to move away
A car stops abruptly close to the man standing at the bus stop. A woman jumps out and runs to the pay phone. She tries desperately to get it to work and when it doesn't she bangs it angrily several times
the man is standing at bus stop when  a car screeches to a hault the woman gets out the car she looks quite stressed whilst running to a public payphone the phone appears to be faulty shes burst into tears  and also unaware she has left handbreak off on her car.
There is a guy waiting at the bus stop. He is listening to music on his headphones. A black car drives by and stops on the road ahead of him and a woman gets out to use to payphone. The gut is watching her. There is an issue with the phone and the woman starts hitting the payphone. She turns around and spots the guy standing there.
A man is standing by a bus stop on a very hot day.  Across the road a woman pulls up quickly gets out and goes to a box.  She looks frustrated. the man squints to try and see what is happening
So the weird looking man was by the road, he was playing loud music . It seemed like he was falling dozing off while standing by the road side. A car drove past him, the driver stopped by a phone booth. A woman came of the car, left the door open it seemed like she didnt turn off the engine. For whatever reason she was unable to make her phone call, she seemed quite hysterical - banging the phone booth and what not. The car started moving ...
A man is waiting at a bus stop. He's wearing headphones staring into space when he notices a black SUV quickly pull up on the adjacent road. The driver slams on the breaks, gets out of the car and runs to the payphone. It appears the call she attempts is not successful. Meanwhile the car begins to creep away because she ostensibly didn't put the vehicle in park.
a man in a red shirt was waiting at the bus stop carrying ice cream and sweating. a woman in a car stopped suddenly on the other side of the street and got out of her SUV and was doing something on the side of the road. the SUV started to roll away as she was doing something. 
A black suv pulls up, and reveals a woman, who rushes out to reach the payphone. The man across the street continues to watch as the woman attempts to make a phone call. After an unsuccessful attempt, the woman becomes frustrated, smacking the payphone, and proceeds to begin to cry, holding her hands to her face. Not too far beside her, the suv begins to slowly start driving away, after not being put in park by the woman. 
A guy was at the bus guess waiting for bus . he was listening to music with his headphone suddenly a lady drove to opposite where he was and drop to pick up something
a black cars pulls over with speed and a woman storms out of the car to a payphone and tries to use it. the phone doesn't work and she gets considerably more angry and then starts to cry, the black cars slowly starts to roll away
The guy waiting at the bus stop watched as the SUV drove up then stopped on the street across from him. The woman leapt out, ran to the payphone, and attempted to use it. After a few moments, she gave up in frustration, and the presumably empty car she left started rolling away on its own. 
while the man is standing at the bus stop a car passes through the road on his right side. The car suddenly stops and a woman hurriedly gets out leaving the door open. She rushes to a phone booth right behind where she stopped her car. Facing the opposite side of where she parked her car she makes a call. Suddenly, the car starts moving slowly down the road. The man standing at the bus top closely looks as all this happens.
The guy with the sony headphones on who was sweating profusely suddendy noticed a 4x4 car speed past and do an emergency stop at a phone booth.A women rushed out of the car and tried to make a phone call but it appeared not to be working.The woman was panicking alot and as she looked for help it seemed she had not applied her handbrake sufficiently and the car started rolling on its own with the door wide open.
It was a sunny day, the man was waiting at the bus stop listening to music when a large black car drove up and screeched on the brakes. A lady got out of the car, she looked distressed. She tried to use a pay phone at the side of the road, however, it was out of order. Whilst trying to get the phone to work, the car started to move down the road by itself at a slow pace. The man at the bus stop watched on.
The tired, sweaty, man at the bus stop listening to music watches as a car comes to an abrupt stop across the road. A woman exits the car, leaving the car door open, and attempts to use the payphone. The man looks on as the woman expresses frustration and anger (by slamming hitting the phone) when the payphone does not seem to work (?). The woman's car begins to roll away. 
a car suddenly screeches to a halt across the road and a woman gets out. She rushes to the payphone and starts dialing a number but gets no answer so slams the phone back. She then turns and looks at the man at the bus stop.
The chap standing at the bus stop was aroused from his daydreaming by the sound and sight of a black SUV screeching to a halt just in front of a public telephone. A woman (looked a bit like Molly Ringwold) jumped out of the car in an agitated manner, ran to the phone and attempted to make a call. During her futile attempts to get the phone to work, her SUV started rolling away (she'd evidently forgotten to engage the emergency brake.... and then you woke up!
