The man who pulls up in the car asks the woman who the red t-shirt guy is and she refers to him as a friend and walks towards his car. The man then walks up dramatically to the guy in the red t-shirt and hes like whimpering his words like i don't know her, I just met her waiting for the bus and she smashed my phone and I am asking her for money. The guy in the white shirt was shouting to the lady, did you tell him who I am, the red t-shirt guys recognises that he is a magician from the casino, called aldino-the-great
A threating man turns up in the car. The woman confronts him and describes the man who loaned her the phone as a friend, thereby involving him in what is going on. The man walsks up to him in a thereatening manner while speaking to the woan, asking if she has told the man who he is. She says she hasn't, but then the man recognises him as a well-known stage magician. 
The man asks who the guy is and the woman says a friend. The man syas do you know who I am and the guy then recognised him as Aldini the great who does the magic show at the cascino
The lady tells the man he's here, and then starts walking towards a bridge. A man is driving a car very slowly and then he pulls up under the bridge. The lady and the bus stop guy walk over to the car. The man in the car gets out and starts talking to the lady. The lady asks him Where is she?, to which the car guy replies, you need to start behaving. The car guy asks the lady who the bus stop guy is, and the lady replies by saying he's just a friend. The man then says A friend, huh, then walks up to the bus stop guy and asks him Do you know who I am? to which the lady replies, No one knows who you are. The bus stop guy then remembers who the man is, and says he is Aldino, the guy who performs at some magic show.
The guy and the girl walk up to the guy in the car. The man gets out of his car and the woman tells him that he's gone too far and asks where a girls is. The guy who was in the car says that the woman has gone too far and that he's handling the situation.nnHe then asks who the bus guy is. The woman says that he's a friend and the guy is sarky about this. The bus guy says he doesn't know the woman and the other guy asks if the woman told him who he is. The bus guy theen recgonises him as the magican from the local casino.
she walks towards the car, he follows... the driver gets out, she approaches him and asks where is she, he ignores her, ask who is the man, she says a friend he says he doesn't know her and just wants money for the smashed phone. The man from the car walks threateningly towards the man, stares at him eyeball to eyeball and asks do you know who i am... the woman says nobody know who the fuck you are.nnThe boy looks worried then suddenly exclaims oh, i know who you are - you that magician...
The woman angrily apporaches the man in the car. He is now outside of his car and is walking towards her. They have an angry exchange and during this the woman says the man who was waiting at the bus stop was her friend. The man from the bus stop says he just lent her his phone and they weren't friends. The man from the car becomes angrier, demanding to know if she told him who he was. The man from the bus stop suddenly recognises the other man as a magician from the casino.
A man stepped out of the car and spoke to the woman.  He said that everything will be alright but the woman was angry with him.  The man asked about the other guy and she said that he's just a friend.  The man did not believe her and went up to the other man.  He said that he does not know the woman and that she broke his phone and wants money for it.  The man asks the woman if she told him who he was.  She said no.  The other man then said, You the famous magician from the casino.  The magician smiled and bowed.
The man from the bus stop asks the lady if she is OK.  Meantime a car is approaching at speed.  The male driver is listening to loud music and turns the music of when stopping the car and getting out to speak to the lady.nHe swears at the lady and tells her to start behaving.nnThe man from the car asks who the man from the bus stop is and she says he is a friend.  The man from the busy stop, expressing his concern, explains that he was standing at the busy stop.  The lady broke his 'phone.  The man from the bus stop appeared threatened when the man from the car approached him and asked if he knew who he was.nnThe man from the bus stop expressed surprise and recognized the other man as   That man from the Magic Show at the casino.
The woman says this time this man has gone too far. He comes out and looks at the guy standing near her and asks who he is. She says he's just a friend. The guy whose phone she took looks bewildered and says he doesn't know her, he just lent her his phone. The man from the car then stands nose to nose with him and says, Do you know who I am? The woman responds, Nobody knows who you are, you cunt. Then a few seconds later the man whose phone she took gets a look of recognition and says to the man that he's a famous magician who does tricks at the Casino. We get a close up of the man from the car smiling pleased that he's been recognised.
The man from the car, Bob, speaks to the lady and tells her she shoudl be calm. The lady from teh car asks where is she?. Bob asks her who the stranger, the man from the bus stop, is. She says he is a friend, however he says they dont know each other and he is just trying to get money for his broken phone. Bob asks if she has told him who he is. She screams that no-one knows who he is and he is paranoid. Then the man from teh bus stop recognises that Bob is ALdino the great, a magician from teh casino.
The British man asks who the man in the pink shirt is and whether the woman told the other man who he is. The woman then tells the British man that no one knows who he is and that he is paranoid. The woman explains that the man in the pink shirt is just a friend but the man himself denies this explaining that he just leant her his phone, which is now broken. The British man walks up to the man in the pink shirt and looks down at him, he seems quite intimidating. The man in the pink shirt recognises the British man as a magician who works in a casino.
The man in the car is recognized by the man who was waiting at the bus top as a magician who works at a casino
The man leaning on the car speaks to the woman who is walking closer to him. The guy in the pink shirt is following still asking for some money for his phone but she is ignoring him. She then is angry with the man from the car and he confronts the man in the pink shirt and she says he is a friend of hers to the guy from the car. The guy in the pink shirt explains he was just waiting for a bus and the other guy asks Do you know who I am? The guy in the pink shirt thinks he is a guy who does a magic act.
the man who arrived happens to know the woman, he asks if the woman has told the young man who he is. The woman seems upset, the young man seems to recognise the man as a magician from what appears to be a prominent casino
A man arrived his car and got out. The lady went over swearing asking where 'she' is. He asked who the man was with her and she said just a friend. The 'friend' then recognised the man as a magician who works at the casino.
The man in the car approached the phone man and asked him who he was and if he knew his name. The women called him a friend. The phone man denied knowing her and told the car man about the phone. He then recognised the man as a magician 
The tall, skinny man who drove the car stares at the guy wearing the pink t-shirt who lent the phone to the woman. He asks the woman who the guy is. She says off-handedly, He's just a friend. The tall, wiry man with severe receding hairline walks over to the guy, as the hapless guy rebuts the identification he's a friend of the woman. He further explains he just wants money to replace the phone the woman broke. 
A man drives up in a car with the music blaring. He stops and looks at the lady. she seems him and walks towards the car. The guys at the bus stop follows asking about his phone. When they are meet the man in car he tells the lady everything will be ok but she wants to know where she is. I would guess he's holding someone against their will and she wants her back, maybe a daughter. The bus man finally recognized the car man as being a magician at a local casino. Obviously the magician and the lady had a relationship that's gone bad in some way.
As the woman mumbled he's here a guy drives down the street and stops under a highway. The woman walks over ignoring the guy with the headphones who then follows her saying she needs to pay for his phone. As the woman talks to the new guy she asks where is she and the guy tries to assure her that everything is going to be fine. Which she replies with a fuck you. The new guy asks who's the headphone guy which the lady replies with a, He's just a friend remark. Which the headphone guy disavows. As the guy walks up to him staring him down asking, Do you know who I am to the headphone guy he replies with a no, and the lady saying, no one knows who you are. After a few moments the guy realizes that the new guy is a famous magician. Which causes him to smile and bow in confirmation.   
The woman starts approaching the man in the car, saying this time you've gone too far and where is she or something like that. The man in the car starts questioning the woman about the guy who was waiting at the bus stop, and she says a friend. The bus stop guy says no no, I was just waiting at the bus stop and was trying to get some money for the phone that she broke. The man in the car says do you know who I am? and the woman says no one knows who you are, you paranoid (something). All the sudden the bus stop guy recognizes the guy in the car as a magician (Aldeena the great or something) who does shows at a casino. 
The bob guy starts asking who the guy in the red shirt is, and gets up in his face asking him if he knows who he is. The red shirt guy recognizes him as a magician who works at the casino.
A car pulls up with a man inside. The car plays loud pageantry music. The woman walks towards the car, and the bus stop man follows. The car man switches off the music and gets out of the car, leaning on the bonnet. He says something like You better start behaving yourself. The woman says, Fuck you. Car man gestures to bus stop man and says Who's this?. Woman says A friend. Bus stop man frowns at this. Car man angrily shouts, Does he know who I am? Did you tell him who I am!?. Woman snaps, No one knows who you are, you pretentious prick. Bus stop man looks at him and says Wait, aren't you The Great Aldini? You do that magic show. Car man does a little bow. 
The woman's friend asks who the man is. She says he is just a friend. He says he doesn't know her, he just lent her his phone. The friend says do you know who I am. The man remembers that he is the man from the magic show.
again i dont care my friend is an ahole and asleep so im not describing all this to them they can just rewind it 
The british dude starts questioning how bus stop guy and the woman know each other. He explains she broke his phone. He asks him if he knows who he is and he tells him oh you're Aldean the Greek, you do a magic show.
Whoever the woman was on the phone to has just arrived. He is driving in his car blasting very loud patriotic music. She looks worriedly over as he parks his car, stating heu2019s here. The curious bystander with a now broken phone asks who he is. The woman begins to make her way towards the parked vehicle and the mysterious man exits and sits on the bonnet. The poor bystander continues to follow the woman towards the mysterious man, asking for money as she had broken his phone. The mysterious man asks the woman who they guy follow in her is. He gets very angry assuming the woman had exposed his identity to him. The bystander eventually recognises him as the magician who performs at the casino.
The guy in the car asks the woman who the guy with the phone was. She said just a friend. The phone guy said no im not, she smashed my phone and im just trying to get some money for it. The guy from the car said to the woman did you tell him who i am. She said no. Then the phone guy said oh yes i know who you are , Aldini the magic man from the casino
The driver of the car asks the woman who the other guy is. She responds that he is just a friend, to which the guy looks confused and clarifies that he was just waiting at the bus stop and let her use his phone, which is now broken. The driver asks the guy if he knows who he is, to which the woman retorts that nobody knows him and that he is paranoid. The bus stop guy then recognises the driver as a magician from the casino.
She says to the guy who has pulled up that he's gone too far this time. He says who's this guy? Did you tell him who I am? She said he's her friend. She goes to his car and rifles around and asks where is she? The guy in the red shirt says he was just waiting for the bus and she borrowed his phone and broke it. Can he have some money for it. Then he says oh you're Aldini the great -- I've seen your magic shows. The guy bows with a flourish.
