The alarmed woman asked to borrow the mans phone. He allows her too and she calls someone and says I'm here,
The woman walks away from the pay phone as her car is rolling down the street.  She walks over to the man waiting at the bus stop and asks if she can borrow his phone.  She says she won't take it.  Then she makes a call and tells the person on the line that she is here.
The woman walks over to the man waiting. The car is still rolling slowly away. She asks the mann if she can use his phone. She says it's an emergency. The man is sweating alot. She says she won't steal his phone. He gives it to her and she rings someone. She walks away from him a small bit and she says on the phone that she's here.
The woman walks across the street towards the man waiting for the bus. She asks to borrow his phone and that she won't take it, it's an emergency. he hands his phone over and she walks away from him, calls someone and says that she is here to the person on the other end of the phone. 
The woman tried to use a roadside phone but it didn't work. She approached the man and asked to use his phone, saying she wouldn't take it. She claimed that this was an emergency. The man gave her his phone and she called someone on it and said, I'm here. Meanwhile, the car she parked up was rolling down the hill with its door open.
The woman in the car across the street realises the pay-phone does not work. The car slowly creaks forward down the road as she clearly hadn't put the handbrake on. The man, sweating profusely in the sunlight, watches the woman. She turns around and sees him and he looks away as she walks towards him over the road. The womans asks for his phone and promises to not steal it, to which he gently complies and hands her the phone. The woman again walks further down the road as her cardigan drifts in the wind and stands in the middle of the road dialing a number and says I'm here, I'm here 
~ the man at the bus stop was listening to his music with his headphones on, when a large black car pulls up short and a female jumps out and runs to the phone nearby. she can't get it to work and is clearly frustrated. she comes over to the male at the bus stop, asks to use his phone and says she wont rob it - she then tells someone on the phone that she is here.
A man is stood on the pavement sweating profusely in the heat. A woman runs across the road towards him and asks to borrow his phone as it is an emergency. She says she will not steal it. Her car is rolling away on the other side of the street. She uses the mans phone to make a call and tells the person on the other end that she is here.
The woman finds the phone is broken, she turns and sees the man at the bus stop.  Her car is gently moving with the door open.  She asks the man if she can use his phone. He is not too impressed but she says she will not break it.  He gives her his phone and she walks across the road with it and makes a call.  The traffic continues on the highway above.
The woman walks across the street to the man waiting with his groceries, calling out for him and asking to use his phone - she says it's an emergency. He gives his phone to her, she walks away to make a phone call. She says to someone on the phone 'I'm here', it's unclear who she's talking to. Her car is left with the door open still - slowly rolling away. 
When the phone did not work the woman ran over to the young man and asked to use his mobile phone. He reluctantly handed it over and the woman was saying I'm here, I'm here on the phone in a panicked voice.
The car continues to roll away. The woman bolts directly towards the man at the bus stop desperately asking to borrow his phone. She promises that she won't steal it. She takes a few steps away and let's the person on the other end of the line know that she is there and then returns the phone to the man at the bus stop.
The lady in the cherokee gets out of the car and tries to use the payphone.  The phone isn't working so she runs across the street towards the guy waiting at the bus stop with the headphones on.  as she runs across the street her car is rolling forward.  She asks if she can use his phone and he says yes
A man is standing on a corner at a bustop listening to his headphones. A car screeches to a halt at a payphone across the street. A lady attempts to use the broken phone. When it doesn't work she becomes upset and storms across the street to ask the man to use his phone as her car slowly rolls away empty. She calls someone to tell them she is there.
The woman walks over to the man and asks to borrow his phone, stating it is an emergency and she won't take it. She starts a call and walks a few steps away where she is pacing and tells whoever she just called that she is here.
After the women tries to use the payphone and finds it not working she crosses the road to the man at the bus stop who is sweating profusely and looks nervious to talk to someone. The women than asks the man to use his phone in a bit of panic. The man gives his mobile phone to the women who walks slightly away from the man and just says im here, im here again in a bit of a panic. 
The woman walks towards the man to ask if she can borrow his phone its an emergency, he gives her. she goes to the other side of the road and calls someone saying shes here
As her car slowly rolls away, the woman approaches the man with the headphones. He nervously looks around, wondering why she is approaching. She asks him if she could borrow his phone. He hesitates. She says its an emergency and promises not to steal hit. He reaches into his pocket and hands it to her. She walks away quickly but stops in the middle of the street, walks around nervously in circles, and then says into the phone; I'm here.
The woman's car continues rolling a little. She sees the man and quickly crosses over to him shouting Hey, can I borrow your phone. The man lowers his headphones so he can hear and she asks again, promising not to take the phone. He hands it over and she walks a little away from him in a hurry, she seems really agitated. We can't hear who she's talking to but she says, in a frantic tone, I'm here
The woman who pulled up walks over the man and asks for his cellphone. He gives it to her and she calls someone and says I'm here.
The woman gives up trying to use the payphone, and begins to approach the man. She requests to use his phone. After some hesitation he gives it to her, and she walks away to make a call. She say's 'I'm here. I told you I'm here'.nThe car slowly rolls forward, its handbrake off.
The woman that was standing at the telephone across the road looks distressed. The car she got out of drives away slowly. The woman walks across the road towards the man in a pink shirt with headphones on. She asks him Hey, can I use your phone?. The man in pink obliges, he tells her okay in a hesitant tone. He then hands over his phone. She then walks away to the right, and makes a call. She then says to the person on the phone that she is here. 
The woman can't make a call at the pay phone she stopped in front of with her SUV. She looks across the street at the man waiting at the bus stop. The woman asks the man if she can use his phone, and the man reluctantly agrees. The woman walks away from the man, makes a phone call, and tells a person on the other line that she's here. 
The woman walks towards the man while her car is rolling away and asks to borrow his phone. She walks off with the phone to call someone and says that she's here. 
The woman from the car after initially trying to use a payphone (which appears to be broken) approaches the sweating man at the bust stop and, in a state of agitation asks to borrow his mobile (cell phone). The man hands her his phone and she paces back across the road calling someone, stating that I'm here
The woman approached the man at the bus stop. She came up to him and asked for his phone. The guy took off his headphones and heard the woman ask him for his phone. She stated that she wouldn't steal it. He handed it to her and she walked past him adjacent, dialled a number and said, I'm here
The guy at the bus stop was listening to music on his phone with his headset when this beautiful lady drove to the phone bot in speed and apply a force break and quickly step out of the car to the phone bot and try to make a call unfortunately she couldn't make the call. And she forget to pull her hand break up which made the car to start moving slowly, she look frustrated too and the guy also look confuse and minding his business without telling the lady what happening to her car. Since the lady couldn't make the call at phone bot she decided to borrow the guy's phone to make the call. But still look confuse and he said to the lady you want what? so the lady also had to tell him she won't take his phone ( steal the phone). The gave her the phone to make the call. while the car keeps moving slowly 
The woman who screeched up in a jeep and tried to use the phone started frantically walking over to the man at the bus stop and desperately wanted to use his phone, assuring him that she wasn't going to take it. She was barefoot and looked like she needed it, so he said okay. She walked halfway into the street dialing before saying i'm here, i said i'm here. 
The woman gets out of the car which had braked to a sudden stop, she then tries to use the payphone but to no avail. Looking slightly desperate she spots the young man standing at the bus stops and hastily approaches. She insistently asks the young man to borrow his phone, saying it's an emergency. He reluctantly agrees. The woman walks around frantically trying to contact someone.
The woman, frustrated with the non-working payphone, looks over and sees the man standing at the bus stop. She jaywalks across the intersection and approaches the man, saying, Excuse me, Excuse me! I need to borrow your phone. He had his headphones on, and asks her to repeat herself. She says, I need to borrow your phone. It is an emergency. He hands her his phone, and she immediately starts crossing the street while dialing on it. She tells someone on the other end, I'm here, I'm here. While all this is going on, Her Jeep Grand Cherokee is slowly still rolling forward with the door open.
