After the bus stop guy has fallen to the ground, the magician seems to think his spell has gone wrong as bus stop guy is barking like a dog and all fours on the ground. The woman starts to walk back from the car pointing a gun at the magician. She shoots the magician and he shoots her. The bus stop guy is left barking on the ground and starts to eat the ice cream that was dropped from his carrier bag as he fell , and which is now on the ground. The magician and his assistant seem to be lying dead on the ground on either side of him.
The magician apparently cast the wrong spell on the guy in a red shirt and turned him into a dog. After seeing what was in the truck of the magician, the assistant started walking towards the magician and fired a shot at him. Before dying the magician fired a shot at the assistant, ultimately killing her.
The bus stop man lays on the ground barking, with his melted ice cream all over the road. The magician is upset because the spell did not work correctly and begins rereading his notes. His assistant approaches him with her gun pointed towards him and shoots. The magician is shot and bleeding on the ground. While injured she fires his gun at the assistant and shoots her. They are both lying on the ground, while the other man is on his hands and knees barking and licking ice cream off of the road.
What happened was scary the guy continued saying weird things , while that other guy was still lying on the floor but he was behaving weirdly. The lady walked back from the car and shot him. Actually, they shot each other, and while they were lying on the floor that guy who was being changed into a dog started licking ice cream that was on the floor like how dogs behave
While the magician is reciting the incantation, the sweating man falls to the floor (either in a faint or due to the spell) and the bag of melted ice cream that he has been carrying spills to the floor. When he sees that the man has collapsed, the magician curses and goes over his notes, seemingly thinking he has recited the incantation incorrectly. He doesn't appear to notice the girl, who after seeing what is in the boot of the car has come back, wielding her gun. She shoots the magician dead, and he in turn shoots her. As both of them lie on the ground, the sweating man regains consciousness and hunches to the floor, sniffing and licking the puddle of melted ice cream and barking like a dog.
The stranger, that we now know is a magician or hypnotist of some kind, takes out a mysterious object and then appears to hypnotise or cast a spell on the nervous man. In the background, the woman opens the boot of the car, and appears to be distressed upon what she sees. The hypnotist has had a strange effect on the man and caused him to apparently faint, before starting to act as if he's a dog. The magician is confused as to what his words have done, and is re-reading them as the woman comes back over, pointing her gun at him and shooting him. As he's lying bleeding on the ground, he shoots back at her. She falls to the ground too, while the nervous man is still acting as a dog, licking up his fallen milk yoghurt.
Bus stop guy has fallen to the ground as a result of what the magician said to him. The magician seems annoyed and reads a piece to see if he said something wrong. At that poin the woman shoots the magician, hitting him but the magician fires back from the ground and the two of them are left lying on the ground. Bus stop guy wakes up, starts licking his split drink off the ground and barks as if he now thinks he's a dog.
The man from the car, the magician casts a spell on the innocent bystander and the woman opens the trunk of the car. She seems horrified and approaches the magician and pulls her gun. The magician also pulls his gun and they shoot each other.nThe innocent bystander is on the floor surrounded by melting ice cream and he starts barking like a dog. Is this the spell working on him?nThe lady and the magician lie on the ground with blood  oozing from them.
the women starts to walk over to the two men while the magic perfomer man recites the words he was meant to say to the gut with the headphones, who is know on the floor in a fit. The women and man both shoot each other and the guy with the headphones now acts like a dog licking the ice cream off the floor
The man in red continued to make noise on the floor as the woman opened up the back of the car she started to walk towards the man in the suit, while he was checking some notes about the incantation obviously upset with the result he had got worrying he had got something wrong, as the woman approched him she pulled her gun and shot him to which the suited man fell on the floor pulling his own pistol and reruning fire, the man in the red shirt now acting like a don started to bark and eat the icecream up from the floor as both people lay at the side of him presumably dead 
The guy in the red top was having seizers and was laying on the ground. The tall guy took out a paper from hiss pocket and began to chant a spell. The lady began to walk toward the two guys and shot the tall guy. He fell to the ground and also shot the lady. The other guy woke up and began to bark like a dog
The guy with the headphones started acting as a dog and the woman after seeing the truck of the car decided to shoot the magician and he shot her as well.
The man is sprawled on the street. He drops his strawberry ice cream that has melted everywhere. The woman comes back from the car and shoots the magician down. The magician goes down on the street and shoots the woman dead as well. She falls on the street. The sweaty man is possessed and licking ice cream of the street, barking like a dog.
the man has a little coffin in a hanky and starts to read something like a magic thing and you see the man from the bus stop on the floor with his ice cream melted, the woman walks back and shoots the man in the white shirt and at the same time he shoots her, they both fall and you see the man from the bus stop barking and licking the ice cream
The driver magician swears and checks a scrap of paper, checking where the incantation went wrong. The woman advances on the man and shoots him. When the magician is bleeding and on the ground he shoots the woman. The camera expands on the two dead bodies on either side of the man who is acting like a dog, lapping up the ice-cream on the floor.
The woman shoots the man dead. The man whose phone was broken has turned into a dog and starts to lick the ice cream.
The woman walks away from the car and shoots the magician. The guy from the busstop is on the grounds barking like a dog and eating his icecream. The magicians falls down after being shot and shoots the woman back.
The woman shoots the magician, who then shoots her from the ground. They are both lying on the ground, while the man at the bus stop barks like a dog, and eats the melted ice cream off the ground.
Bob says Son of a bitch and pulls a piece of paper from his pocket and starts to read, as if checking the spell. The  woman walks towards him, he looks up at her as she raises her gun and fires. Bob falls over but raises his own gun and shoots the woman. The phone guy, gets to his hands and knees and making sounds like a dog starts to lap at the melted ice cream on the road.
when the guy fell to the ground the woman came back and shot the guy from the car and as he was dying he shot the woman so it was left with the guy eating from the ground
The boy from the bus stop wakes up a little, so the magician starts casting some sort of spell, all while the lady walks back with her gun pointing towards him. Suddenly, shots are fired and the boy looks up to see the magician is dead as well as the lady. He licks the ice cream off the floor and barks.
the magician put s a spell on the man from the bus stop who then falls to the floor spilling a his melted ice cream on the road. the woman fires a shot at the magician. the magician falls to the floor. whilst on the ground her fires his gun at the woman. we pan out to see the magician and his assistant both lying dead on the road and in between them is the man from the bus stop who now thinks he is a dig and begins to lick the melted ice cream from the road.
The guy is now on the floor acting like a dog. The woman walks over with the gun and shoots the guy. The magician guy gets shot and falls down and then takes his gun and shoots at the woman. You hear the sound of her falling. The phone guy is licking up the spilled milk.
The bus stop guys lays on the ground appearing to have been hypnotized and gasping for breath. The magician seems to have realised that he recited the hypnosis spell wrong and reads the correct version from a piece of paper that he took out of his pocket. The woman walks towards the magician and shoots him. As the magician lays on the ground bleeding he pulls out his small gun and shoots at the woman twice. The woman and the magician appear to be lying dead on the ground as the bus stop guy gets on all fours and starts barking like a dog and licking the milkshake that had spilled on the ground.
The main character, seemingly incapacitated by the words the magician just spoke, lies on the floor, making vaguely dog-like noises. The magician seems confused, like the spoke the words wrong and failed to cast the right magic spell, re-reading his notes containing the words he just spoke. The woman, meanwhile, has inspected the boot of the car, walks towards the magician and fires one shot. The magician is seen now laying down, shot, wounded and bleeding, and returns fire with his small Derringer pistol. The main character is now behaving like a dog, on all fours, licking up the ice cream he dropped.
the magician, seeming somewhat sure he did his spell wrong, takes out a piece of paper and starts to read the spell instructions to see what he did wrong. the woman starts to walk towards him, pistol at hand and fires a shot at the magician who falls on the ground. heavily wounded the magician pulls out his derringer and fires back. the scene ends with the magician and the woman on the ground while the red shirt ice cream guy licks the melted icecream off the floor acting barking like a dog
The man from the car reads the words he just said to the man from the bus stop from a piece of paper, implying he has just said them wrong.  The lady walks back from the car and shoots the man. As he is down on the floor he shoots her with his gun.  As they both lay seemingly dead on the floor the man from the bus stop gets on all fours, starts barking and licking up the icecream from the road.
The pink tshirt man lay twitiching on the floor at the feet of the magician and the pool of melted icecream. The magician seemed confused and irritated, as if something had gone wrong, and took a piece of paper out his pocket. He repeated part of the incantation that he had been reciting. Meanwhile, Shirelle had struggled to get the car trunk open and looked shocked at what she found inside. She stode back toawrd the magician with her gun raised and shot him. As he lay on the ground bleeding, the magician managed to fire a shot at Shirelle. In an overhead shot we saw the pink tshirt man on all fours between the two couple's bodies on the ground. He is now acting like a dog, barking and licking the melted icecream off of the road.
Man starts acting like a dog. The magician looks over his notes, seeing where he went wrong. The woman is horrified by what's in the car boot, walks over to the magician and shoots him. He falls and shoots back. The man is licking spilt liquid off the floor and barking.
The magician has hypnotised the sweating man who is lying on the road, though he has forgotten part of the process and is reading his notes. The woman approaches and shoots him, the magician manages to shoot back and they both fall to the ground. meanwhile the sweating man is barking like a dog and licking his spilled ice cream from the road.
