The girl shot the magician and the two of them laid prone on the ground. Meanwhile the principle person woke up thinking he was a dog and began licking up the melted ice cream. Eventually he started crawling towards the car
The man has been hypnotized and is on the ground. The magician has been shot, but he leans up and shoots the woman. The man is acting like a dog, licking up the spilled ice cream. He goes to sniff the woman's leg. He is barking and then hears another dog bark in the distance and walks towards it on all fours. 
The magical incantation turns the man from the bus stop into a dog. The woman shoots the magician. The magician shoots the woman. Both lay dead on the ground. The man from the bus stop wanders around as a dog.
The magician who is lying on the floor then shoots the woman and ten both appear to be dead. The man who has had the spell put on him then licks the liquid that is on the floor and then starts barking like a dog. The man barking like a dog then walks in the direction of the woman and past her still barking like a dog and on all fours.
The earring guy falls to the ground and he too shoots at the lady who also falls to the ground. The guy in the red t-shirt starts licking the ice-cream off the ground and barks like a dog on all fours, he starts moving on all fours towards the car while barking 
As the woman shot the man he had time to take his own gun and shoot her, leaving them both lying on the ground, presumably dead. Meanwhile the other man was acting like a dog, on all fours barking and licking up the spilt yogurt, before crawling towards the car while barking.
The magician is shot by the lady but manages to shoot back at her. They both look dead. In the meantime, the bus stop man had been hypnotised into thinking he is a dog. He starts backing, licked the melted ice cream off the road, and then on all fours, crawled over towards the car where the lady's kid is, presumably also dead.
In the previous scene the man with the headphones had collapsed on the ground, and the woman had shot the magician. The magician shot the woman, who falls to the ground. Meanwhile the man with headphones gets onto his knees and starts licking the ice cream from the ground and barking like a dog.
Bob is shot and we see him lying on the floor on his back. He lifts his head and aims a gun over the head of Jerome, who is on all fours (hands and knees). He shoots but we do not see where the bullet lands. The camera cuts to Jerome (headphone guy) who is still on his hands and knees and proceeds to put his head in the ice cream that he dropped and licks some up. He now starts to bark like a dog and hears another dog bark as though in response. jerome starts to crawl away on his hands and knees towards the sound of the dog.
The lady shot the magic guy with a gun and as he fell on the ground, he was bleeding. He used his magic to bring his gun and shot the lady now the guy with headphones on started eating the scream that spilled on the floor like an animal and started barking like a dog as well and scrawled while sniffing like a dog looking for something.
The man falls down from being shot by the woman, then he fires a bullet back as he lay dying on the floor. The bullet hits the woman and she goes down and is presumably dead. What happens next is the bus man starts licking the ice cream and barking like a dog before leaving the scene on all fours whilst barking.
then the man that was at the bus stop goes into a deep sleep  then wakes up as a dog barking and walks off  the other man try to shoot him but misses 
The woman shoots the man and the man shoots the woman. Both are lying motionless on the ground. The man had hypnotised the guy into thinking he was a dog. The guy walks away on all fours barking like a dog.
Bob shoots Cheryl back, both are lying seemingly dead on the floor. Meanwhile, the man is on his hands and knees inbetween the bodies, eating the ice cream that spilled on the floor when he fell over. He is barking occasionally, whilst there are distant barks in the background. It appears the incantation that Bob performed on him made the man think he was a dog
 The second man is still saying the incantation as the woman opens the trunk of his car.  The sun is still shinning.   The second man has hypnotized the first man to thinking he's a dog.   He checked his notes.   The first man is on the ground licking the spilt and melted ice cream as the lady comes back with her gun.  She shoots the second man and as he's on the ground he shoots her.  They are both laying on the gound as the 1st man crawls away, barking like a dog.
Bob is shot by Cheryl and he falls to the ground. While mortally wounded on the ground, Bob shoots Cheryl and she dies. As this is happening, the man in red barks like a dog and is licking his melted ice cream off the pavement. He hears a dog barking in the distance and begins to bark back at the dog. The man begins to crawl on his hands and knees in hopes of finding the barking dog.
The magician, laying in a pool of his own blood, raises his gun and shoots the woman. The man in earphones comes to and barks like a dog. He crawls on all fours from between the two bodies that are lying on the ground. We can hear real dog barks in the background
they shot each other dead and the man in red, now in a trance, pretended to be a dog.
Before the man from the car dies, he shoots the woman, killing her too. In between them, the man from the bus stop is on all fours, alternating between barking and licking the ice cream from the floor. He begins crawling off, barking at near by dogs at the same time
The lady moved away from the boot after seeing something that made her angry was moving towards the man and was pointing her gun to him. She shot him. The man fell as he was hit also shot the lady while lying on the floor. The young guy already was behaving like a dog as a result of the incantation made by the man. He was barking and moving crawling away from the scene
Now thinking that he is a dog, the main character walks away on all for. The magician and the woman are dead.
The man from the bus stop licks up ice cream from the ground while the dying magician shoots a single shot from his gun. The man from the bus stop crawls away on all fours barking at a dog in the distance while in the next shot you can see the woman was also shot by the magician.
The women came back over with a loaded gun and shoots the magician as he is on the floor with a bullet in him he fires a shot and hits the women back. During this the enchanted man has been enchanted to think he is a dog licks the ice-cream off the floor and hears the sound of another dog barking so barks back and goes over walking on all fours like a dog would be doing.
The woman stalks the magician after being distressed at what she found in the car trunk, with a gun and shoots magician.  magician shoots her and they both lay bleeding on the street.  the guy with the broken phone looks to have been accidentally turned into a dog by the magician and he continues to act like one, crawling on the street, barking, sniffing, and licking up the ice cream he dropped after being put into a trance, making him write on the floor for a bit.
Car guy manages to shoot and kill the woman before dying himself.  Bus stop guy is on all fours on the ground, licking the ground where the (I think it's ice cream he had in his bag).  He starts barking and crawls away on all fours like a dog
The magician makes the guy with the headphone think he's a dog, he is down on the floor, however the woman leaves the car after discovering something shocking in the trunk, she shoots and brings down the magician who also shoots her down, The guy barks like a dog and crawls with his hand and feet.
The magician on the ground grabs his little gun and shoots towards the lady while the man from the bus stop eating melted ice cream form the ground and crawling away from the scene while baking as if he was hypnotized into a dog.
The magician shoots the lady. The man licks the ice cream off the ground and is still remaining on all fours. He is acting and barking like a dog
The magician shoots the woman as he lies on the road injured. Next the man who was originally at the bus stop is licking ice cream off the floor. He moves on all fours afterwards, barking as if he was a dog
Magician guy is lying on the floor after getting shot with blood on the floor around him. He shoots the woman and she drops to the floor. Bus stop guy now wakes up and is acting like a dog barking. He licks some of the melting ice cream he has dropped then crawl off on his hands and knees barking. 
