After he gives the woman his phone she walks a little way away and calls someone. She tells the person on the phone I'm here and then says something like Wait where? She seems pretty distressed. There's a bit of back and forth then she yells into the phone I will go to the police The person on the other end hangs up on her and she's really upset and throws the phone down to the ground hard.
The barefoot lady asks to borrow the man at the bus stop's phone. She promises that she won't take it so he gives her the phone. She walks a few feet away from the man, across the road, and makes a call. We can hear her shouting at someone I am here and getting rather angry. The camera pans back to the sweaty man at the bus stop who has removed his headphones and is listening to the woman on the phone. We go back to looking at the woman on the phone who is now more angry and shouting that she will go to the police. It is then apparent that the caller on the other end hangs up as the women repeats hello, hello. She then throws the mans phone onto the road in anger and we hear it bounce off the tarmac, most likely broken.
A guy was waiting at the bus stop with his head set and high volume on. A lady came by a car with a high speed and stop to use a public phone only to find out it was not working. She seemed to be in some trouble and approached the guy at the bus stop to borrow his phone, she promised that she won't take the phone. Seemed like her call didn't go well because she kept on saying that she will go to the police to the person she called. After the person she called hanged up on her she threw down the phone and it broke. 
The woman comes over to the guy waiting for the bus and asks to borrow his phone because of an emergency.  He is reluctant, but eventually hands it to her.  She calls someone and says I'm here and then threatens to call the police.  She gets angry and when she hangs up, she throws the phone on the ground,
there was a man waiting at the bus stop with white headphones on he was watching across the round as a women in a car pulled up near a payphone and started to try and dial a number, while the lady was doing this the man has noticed the car was creeping forward because the lady had left the hand break off and the car was rolling forwards meanwhile the man was watching from the other side of the round. The lady was having issues using payphone and started to walk towards the man waiting at the bus stop with his phones on
The woman who exited the vehicle that pulled up approached the man with the headphones and requested permission to use his cellular device. The man begrudgingly offered his phone to the woman after she assured him that she would not steal it. She accepts the phone and begins to walk away such that it seemed she desired some privacy to make the call. We cannot hear the other end of the call, but the woman begins to make several threats to disclose information that sound as if made under duress and as a defensive mechanism rather than an offensive threat. She ends the call with a sudden influx of frustration and smashes the phone onto the concrete below. 
she walks off with the phone in the middle of the street. the guy waits still in the hot sun. she says angrily,  i will go to the police!  and slams his phone on the ground breaking it
The lady who was trying to use the payphone walked over to the guy standing at the bus-stop and asked to borrow his phone, promising that she'll give it back. The lady then made a phone call while standing in the middle of the road. It sounded like she was threatening whomever she was speaking to that she'll tell everybody they know, and that she will go to the police. Suddenly she became extremely agitated and smashed the phone onto the road, as the man was standing there, drenched in sweat and watching her. 
the lady takes the mans phone and walks off while making a call .She is very agitated while talking to a man on the phone and finally keeps shouting she will go to the police. The phone then goes dead and she throws it on the floor in anger.
woman asks the man at the bus stop if she can use his phone, as her car slowly rolls down the hill. He lets her and she shouts to someone on the other end that she will call the police.
The woman walks away from the man, and says I'm here. The man just stays aimlessly staring into space. The woman gets more and more agitated, threatening to call the police, and throws the phone down.
A man who is waiting at a bus stop when a woman who borrows his phone then breaks it
After he lent the woman his phone. She proceeded to walk towards the middle of the road to make a call. She kept repeating to the other person on the other line that she was going to the police. She then yelled and threw the phone down on the road breaking the man's phone as he just watched her the whole time.
The woman makes a phone call but half way through the conversation the other person hangs up.She is so angry she smashes the phone into the ground
There's a guy standing out in the extreme heat waiting for a bus with headphones on and a bag of ice cream that is quickly melting. While he waits a woman pulls up in an SUV and gets out across the street and tries to use the payphone. She comes over and asks if she can borrow his phone and says don't worry I won't steal it. She has a heated argument with someone and gets mad and takes the guy's phone and slams it down on the pavement.
a man waiting for a bus suddenly notices a driving car that suddenly stops a nawervus woman gets out of the car and tries to call through a pay phone but the phone doesn't work so she asks the man to borow the phone when she take the phone take call and she talk nervus finally destroys the phone on the ground 
The woman takes the mans cell phone and makes a call while walking across the street. She speaks to the person  and asks where they are, it seems they get into a heated discussion and she threatens the person on the other end of the phone to tell everyone one and go to the police. She is very agitated and after the phone call throws the mans phone to the ground smashing it in anger.
Well, things got heated since you fell asleep. The lady who was by the phone box came over to the man at the bus stop and asked to borrow his phone. He was reluctant to give it to her but she said she is not going to take it. She proceeds to call on his phone, has a heated discussion and then slams his phone off of the ground and breaks the screen.
There is a guy standing on the corner in what looks like a bad neighborhood. Lots of graffiti all around. He is wearing headphones and listening to music standing at a bus stop and carrying groceries. I think he has ice cream melting in a bag.  A lady in a car pulls up to a pay phone on the otherside of the street and she gets out and goes to the pay phone but it doesn't work. She looks across the street and seeing the guy standing there goes over to him. Her car starts rolling away while she walks over to him. She asks to borrrow his phone and he lets her have it. She starts talking to someone and threatening to go to the police. She gets in an argument with whoever she is talking to and gets so made she throws the phone on the ground breaking the guy's phone. 
The woman takes the mans phone and makes a phone call. She is standing in the road and is talking quietly at first and then becomes frantic saying she is going to go to the police. She repeats herself several times and then it appears that the person on the other end of the phone hung up. The woman gets very agitated and slams the phone down to the ground. 
The man at the bus stop hands over his mobile phone for the woman to use. The woman uses it to call someone and then gets into a heated argument with them. nThe person whom she is speaking to apparently hangs up at which point she smashes the borrowed phone to the ground.
A curly hair girl who seemed to be in an urgent manner asked a favor from a man who is wearing headphones and holding his grocery waiting at a bus stop. She borrowed a cellphone from the man and promised she would return the phone. She then walked aside to talk to someone and shouting she would call the police, then she threw the phone hard on the floor out of pure anger from the call.
The woman takes the phone and makes a call as she walks in the middle of the road. The man watches as she becomes angry and threatens to go to the police. The call is ended and the woman throws the phone down with force.
somewoman pulled up in a car bare footed tried to use the payphone it was broke so she asked the guy at the bustop to use his mobile she ended up arguying with the person on the other end of the line and smashed the guys phone
The woman who was on the phone across from the sleepy man waiting for the bus, walks across the street to talk to him as her car rolls aways down the street. She asks to use his phone because the phone across the way wasn't working. She tells the man that she won't take his phone, so he lets her have it. She walks away from him and starts screaming at someone while on the phone, that she will call the police. She is ranting on the phone, gets really mad, and throws and smashes the phone on the street.
The guy at the bus stop gives his phone to the woman. The woman proceeds to take the phone and starts typing in a number while walking away. She walks into the street before starting a conversation with someone on the phone. She says I am here. I am here before a bit of a mumbled conversation. She is pacing around the road barefoot while talking on the phone. Later she says I will call the police!, followed by Hello? Hello? in an angry tone. Before throwing the phone into the ground in the middle of the street.
The woman who took the phone has angrily walked into the middle of the street and has started having a phone conversation with an unknown person. The camera flips back to the phone owner who watches on in obvious annoyance. AT this point we can hear parts of the conversation as the agitated woman is telling someone that she is here, and that she will tell everyone and threatens to tell the Police. She gets angrier as the call goes on and eventually throws the phone onto the floor, smashing it, in extreme anger. 
The scene continues as the man is staring at the women who is at the pay phone, and then she hangs up the phone and starts walking over to the man in the red t shirt is we can see is sweating a lot. When you makes her way to the man we catch our first up close of the women, who is wearing a low cut top and slightly messy hair. In the meantime it appears the clutch on the car has not been put on and the car is moving away slowly. The women says to the man, this is an emergecny twice I need to use your phone, the man in the red seems  begrudeding to give the phone but eventually does. She says to reasure him that she is just going over there pointing to the road not far away. Once she has the phone it appears that she calls a number and starts a conversation, she speaks in a hostile way and says that she will expose him. The man in the red t shirt looks on. The conversation between the the woman and phone comes to a sudden close and she throws the phone to the ground, therefore smashing the phone. 
the woman is pacing around while she speaks on the phone to someone, she seems very angry or upset. the man has been stood waiting patiently. she has just thrown the phone on the ground and broken it
The woman asks can she borrow the mans phone. She walks off across the street, she is having an argument with someone. she says she'll go to the police. 
The woman walks from the pay phone and her car is rolling away. The woman doesn't have shoes on and seems frustrated. She approaches a man standing at the bus stop. The man has on headphones listening to music. The woman asks him if she can use his phone and she promises that she won't take it. He gives her his phone and walks into the street to make a phone call and tells the other person on the phone that she will go to the police while pacing back and forward in a panicked state. She then gets angry and smashes the phone on the street. 
