The woman is looking for a girl or other woman. She thinks the magician has done something to her. The magician pulls out a small hand-size wooden coffin and shows it to the bus stop guy. The magician starts reciting a poem that sounds dark, deathly and eerie. The woman goes to the back of the car and opens the storage compartment to reveal some blankets with something underneath. The magician reveals the skeleton of a bat or bird in the coffin as the bus stop dude goes into a deep trance as his eyes go into the back of his head.
The magician reveals the relic under the lid and his chant gets deeper and deeper. The bus stop man's eyes roll further and further upwards. His melted ice cream falls out of the bag he loses a grip on. He begins to fall backwards. The woman gets the car boot door open and then looks distressed, holding her head with her hands. 
The evil magician opens the small coffin and there is some weird object inside. The woman runs to the car. The man with the broken phone seems in a trance because the magician is hypnotizing him by saying a weird spooky poem. His ice cream begins to melt and falls to the ground. The woman opens the car trunk and is shocked at what she sees.
as the guy from the car opened up the coffin shaped box there was a small skeleton of what looks like a dragon or bird, and he continues to chant, mean while the women is trying her hardest to get into the car boot and when she opens it shes steps back in horror. then back to the man from the car still chanting and the other guy starts to pass out 
Bob, who has been unveiled as a magician, opens a little box with a cross on. Whilst doing that his voice goes lower as he starts talking, which puts the headphone man in a trance. His eyes end up rolling back in his head and he drops his shopping bag. Meanwhile, while this is happening, Charelle is making her way to the car. Since the gunshot resounded, there has been wimpering in the boot, so Charelle is going over to investigate. She looks nervous as she opens the boot.
The magician succeeds in hypnotising the main character whilst chanting and showing him a bone in a black box with a cross on it. The main character drops his bag of ice cream as a result of this. Meanwhile, the woman is getting very animated as she looks in the boot of the car.
The lady and the magic man pull out guns. She's asking him where is she. Sounded like a dog was in the car and she runs over and opens the door. The guy with the broken phone tries to walk away. The magic man stops him and puts a spell on him.
I WAS COMPLETELY WRONG...well kind of...this guy is a magician!! not a drug dealer. But bob asks cheryl if she told random guy who he is and she says no. He walks towards her and she pulls out a tiny gun and points it at bob telling him not to come closer., Bob then does a magic trick and pulls out a silver one of his own saying that it was used in a duel with the prince of the Romanies. She then shoots at the sky. This random guy is trying to walk away from the situation but bob walks towards him appearing to distract him from whats happening and places a tiny coffin with a cross on it near him and starts chanting. The coffin opens up to show a skeleton and you can see the random guys eyes rolling back, during this time cheryl goes to the boot of the car and tries to find something? and not she's being affected by this black magic too?
Houdini the magician shows the man with headphones the miniature casket and and opens it to reveal a rodent skeleton in it. Meanwhile, the woman frantically attempts to open the boot of Houdini's car. Houdini starts speaking an an incantation spell and his voice starts getting heavier and hoarser, the man with headphones starts swaying and losing his balance as the melted ice-cream pours out of the plastic carry bag and falls from his hand. The woman opens the boot and starts screaming while Houdini continues reciting the spell incantation which causes the man with headphones nearly lose his conciousness.
When the magician opened the little coffin, there was a skeleton of a fetus inside, The woman then opened the trunk of the car and saw something that horrified her. The magician started to cast a spell on the man with the phone, which resulted in him dropping what he was carrying and losing consciousness. 
After the lady goes to the car, Bob goes to the guy and shows him a small coffin.nHe opens it and there is a small skeleton of a creature inside.nHe then starts to chant some sort of  incarnation, and you can see that the guy is falling under some sort of a spell or trance.
Turns out there's a bone inside of that coffin box that magician guy was holding. The magician started reciting some ancient rite that puts that guy from the bus stop into a trance. While that's happening, the magician's assistant runs over to the trunk of the car and appears to make a frightening discovery. That's when you woke up. 
The magician opens the small coffin and recants some words to the bus stop man, the woman opens the car and finds something whining (dog?).  The bus stop man is hypnotized by the magician.
The magician starts chanting in a demonic voice, and the guy in the headphones starts getting entranced. His eyes roll back in his head and he drops his melted ice cream. Meanwhile, the lady opens the trunk of the car and has a horrified look on her face. 
The man opens a little hand-sized coffin which has a tiny little skeleton, potentially of a miniature human being. He is saying some sort of spell while stood over the guy in the red top and the guy in the red top is completely starting to lose conciousness. In the meantime, Shirelle tries to open the car boot and finally gets it open. We don't see what's inside but she is really shocked and taken aback. She looks hopeless.
The man who turned up in the car and the woman both then pull out guns with the young man being the witness,the boy then tries to leave the scene however the man intervenes and hypnotises him to prevent him from remembering this occuring.
as the guy was going the man that pulled up said wait i have something to show you and he showed the guy a small coffin with dried bone inside and he said saying some incantations and the guy was becoming hypnotized, the thing he was holding was falling off
The magician opens up the little coffin and reveals a weird-looking piece of bone. The magician chants some kind of spell and the other man looks like he is losing consciousness. While this is happening, the woman is panicking in the background, trying to open the trunk of the car. A white substance that looks like either milk or paint spills from a container. 
The magician appears to cast a spell on the man who was waiting at the bus stop and appears to put him in a trance. While this is happening the woman opens the trunk of his car and is disgusted and upset by what she sees.
The man opened the little box with a cross on & inside was what looked like the skeleton of a bard. He started to incant a spell or rhyme in a deeper voice to the bus stop man.  The woman managed to open the boot of the car & stepped back with her hands to her face in shock.  The bus stop man appeared to be under a spell & he dropped his bag & his eyes rolled back into his head
Rob opens up that tiny casket and there is a tiny skeleton of some sort in it. He is saying some kind of spell and bus guy is falling in his trance. The lady opens up the boot of the car and according to her face she sees something that makes her upset. 
Bob, the magician opens up the coffin to show a bone. he then starts to chant which causes the bus stop by to go into a trance. Meanwhile, Cherrelle walks towards the car and opens it, and begins to weep.
The man opens the little coffin that he is holding to reveal a small decayed body of some sort and keeps talking what seems to be an incantation of some sort. His voice becomes deeper and slower and the phone guy begins to fall into what seems to be a trance. The woman is meanwhile made her way to the car and opens the trunk and recoils in disgust horror fear at what she sees.
The older guy is showing the guy with headphones a small coffin, with some sort of tiny skull inside. He then seems to be casting some sort of spell, the guy with the headphones seems to be losing consciousness. Meanwhile the lady has ran towards the car, as she heard a noise from the boot. When she opens it, she looks horrified.
The man with the headphones recognizes the man driving the car as a magician who performs at a local casino, and he recognizes the woman as being the magician's assistant. The woman then pulls a gun on the magician, and the magician produces a gun as well. The woman fires a shot in the air, and then sound is heard coming from the car. The woman runs to the car while the man with the headphones starts walking away. The magician follows the man, shows him something in a box, and then begins talking in a strange way. 
The character Bob who has been established as a show magician pulls out something and began to say incantations which made the male character sleepy while the female character ransacks the boot of the car.
The magician opens the box to reveal a small piece of very old material and he begins chanting a spell of some sort, the woman meanwhile manages to open the trunk of the car but is horrified by what she sees. The spell causes the man to drop his bag and slip out of consciousness.
The magician starts to recite some kind of spell on the t-shirt guy which makes him fall into sone kind of trance. He opened a small box wiyh a crucifix on it and there was some kind of bones I think inside. It looks like the man spilled his ice cream which was melted. Meanwhile the lady went over to the car, opened the trunk and looked really distressed. 
The man from the car opens the mini coffin to show the sweaty man a tiny bird skeleton inside. Car man proceeds to speak some sort of chant which puts sweaty man in a trance. During this time the woman has walked to the back of the car and is trying to get the boot open, she finally does and seems horrified by what she sees inside. The scene cuts back and forward between the men and the woman. Sweaty man drops his bag and spills ice cream everywhere.
The male stranger from the car tries to distract the other male present by showing him a black box with a cross on it. Inside the box is a small dead animal, a skeleton. While showing the male this, the male magician starts rhyming off a spell of words. The female meanwhile has approached the car and is looking for something, likely an animal as there are whimpering sounds.nnmeanwhile, the male has been put into a trance by the magician as his eyes go to the back of his head.
