the bus stop guy is quite calm about the fact that the lady has just broken his phone and asks her for $60 for it.nnthe lady isn't paying attention to the bus stop guy and is quite agitated, pacing, saying he's here. the scene then cuts to a guy driving a car, seemingly well groomed with a shirt and waist coat, fresh hair cut and an earing in his left ear. the car seems to be a bit of a classic as it had no headrests.
the mans phone is broken and he tells her so.  then he asks her for the money to replace it.  she is upset then a car with a man inside drives up
As she is attempting to use the pay phone her car slowly rolls away (as the handbreak as not been left on). nnShe runs over frantic to the man in the red top and asks to use his mobile phone, he agrees and she makes a hurried phone call to someone and threatens to contact the police to the unknown caller. Suddenly she throws the mans phone onto the ground breaking it. The man being upset asks for 60 for the phone, however the women is more consumed by the thought of the approching man in a car 
She throws the phone down - breaking it. She's upset, saying he's here. The guy who lent it to her is understandably a bit peeved and asks for $60 for his broken phone.nNow, we see the back of the head of a guy driving, listening to dramatic music on his car speakers...
The woman uses the man's phone to make a call. During the call she announces that she is there, becomes clearly upset, paces about wildly in without shoes, and threatens to call the police. Toward the end she smashes the phone on the ground, at which time the man who loaned her the phone goes to have a look at his broken phone. He calls out to her, Miss! This phone is broken. Do you think that I can get like sixty bucks for it or something?nDuring this time another car is shown to be approaching, and a man is seen driving from behind.
The man sees that his phone is broken after the woman threw it on the ground.  He asks her for $60 for it.  Just then a car drives towards them.  The music at this point is pretty intense.
The lady who smashed the phone is sobbing whilst the chap in the red shirt approaches his phone to see its very broken. he gingerly asks the lady for $60 as compensation. The next shot features a man driving a car playing ominous music, I assume he's the guy the lady was speaking with on the phone.
The main character, instead of comforting the woman, asks her if he can get some money back for his phone that she threw on the ground. The woman does not reply. She is still upset. Then, music is heard as a car drives towards them.
The man walks towards her to inspect the damage to his phone. It is completely broken. On his knees, he politely asks her if she can give him 60 dollars for the broken phone. She ignores him completely, and in a flustered state, says 'he's here'. The camera then changes to show a man driving in a car towards them under the underpass, with the loud sounds of a brass band playing on the stereo.
The guy picks his phone up and says Miss, this phone is broken, do you think I can get like 60 bucks? and the woman ignores him. She's facing away from him and he keeps saying miss but then she says he's here and she looks distressed. Then we see a shot of a man pulling up in a car but we can't see his face, just the back of him. 
The guy goes to check on his phone but finds it to be broken. He asks the woman for 60 dollars as compensation but she ignore him. Finally, A MYSTERIOUS GUYS PULLS UP.
The man picks the phone up, it's smashed. He tries to ask her for money for it, but she doesn't answer. She says he's here. It's then a shot of a man driving, the back of his head can be seen. There's classical music playing.
The man goes to pick up his phone, which is now broken.  He tries to get the woman's attention by asking if she's going to pay him money for his phone, but she is ignoring him, and says He's here.  The camera cuts to a view from behind of a man driving, presumably towards her, whilst ominous music plays.
After smashing the guys phone she borrowed, the woman rubs her face with her hands and seems upset. The guy with headphones bends to get phone and tells the woman she broke his phone but she ignores him. The screen changes to a man driving his car.
The woman gets out of the car to make a phone call. She sees this guy standing at the bus stop and she comes over to say excuse me, i need to borrow your phone it's an emergency, she takes it, walks across the road and starts screaming at someone and then slams the phone, breaking it. The guy asks her can i have $60 for it because the phone is broken.   Then we see another man in a car driving towards them.
The woman breaks the main character's phone. The man then goes to inspect the phone and say its broken. The women is crying and not paying attention to him. He asks if he can get $50 or $60 dollars for the phone, the women keeps ignoring him. Music stars playing and she then says he's here. The camera shows another man driving behind the wheel and pulling up to the scene.
The man at the bus stop says his phone is broken. The lady then comments he's here and a man is seen driving a car. The man at the bus stop asks the lady if she is okay
The woman smashes his phone on the ground. Then the man walks over and picks up the broken phone off the ground. He explains the phone is broken and asks the woman for $60 to pay for it. The woman mutters that someone is here. There is then a shot of a man driving in a car on his way to their location.
girl broke his phone and then some guy drives up
The woman can't get the payphone to work, and suddenly, she sees the man at the bus stop sweating in the hot sun. Runs over to him and asks him to use his cell phone. Cautiously, he hands it to her as she says she won't steal it. She proceeds to call someone and starts yelling into the phone about how she's going to call the police! She gets so mad that she throws the phone down and breaks it! The man at the bus stop is shocked and asks her for $60 for the broken phone. Then an older gentleman starts driving down the street.
The young man picks up his phone and asks the woman for $60 to pay for it. She's not listening to him. A car approaches driven by a man with a hoop earring in his ear and playing loud Germanic music.
woman looks in distress still. guy takes off headphones, goes to pick broken phone up from floor. queries phone damage with woman. woman walking around in distress still. pans to a different guy driving in a car in same area with music blasting out of car. Air freshner shaped like a tree in car.
The person interacting with the pay phone could not get it to function. She stormed over to the man at the bus stop and asked him for his phone. She made a call and had an argument with the person on the other end of the phone. When the person hung up on her she threw the phone on the ground, destroying it. Our man at the bus stop asked for some money for the broken phone. Another person is now driving up on them.
Just after she threw the phone down she atarted to cry, the lad went to pick up his phone and told her that it was broken and asked if she had 60 bucks to replace it, she then says he's here and then you saw a man driving a car while listen to military style music.
the phone is broken. then she says, He is here. Then theres a segment where this man is driving in a car.
after she smashes his phone he picks it up to find it destroyed and says it's worth 60 dollars. Then a man is shown driving a car.
The woman is upset and crying and the man goes to get his phone that is broken on the road. He tells her that the phone is broken in the ax so if he can get 50 bucks from her to replace it. Does not answer him. Then see a man driving a car and we can see him in a position like we are a passenger in the back seat sitting directly behind him it looks like he is wearing a suit and hat.
She threw down the phone, the guy wanted money for it. Then another guy came in a different car with music loudly.
The woman who ran over to the phone box gets frustrated as the pay phone isnt working. She turns round and sees the man who is waiting by the bus stop. She walks over to him and starts speaking to him to get his attention. She is bare footed and looks distressed. She starts speaking to the man who has taken his earphones off and asks if she can use his phone, explaining that its an emergency and she won't run off with it. He hands her his phone and she walks away to call a number. When she reaches the person she is calling, she says that she is in the location they'd discussed before an apparent argument breaks out with the person on the other end. She gets angry and says that she will call the police. The call ends with her throwing the phone at the floor and breaking it in frustration. The man whose phone it is picks it up and complains that its broken, asking that she pays for the damage. She then says 'he's here'. The next scene is the back of a man's head driving towards the location. 
As the woman stands around looking upset, the man picks up his phone off the street and looks at it.  He says to her,  Ma'am, this phone is broken.  Could you give me like 60 bucks for it?.  We then see another car driving down the road with a dark haired, young man driving it.  The camera angle is from the back seat of this car looking out the front windshield.
