The red t-shirt guy crawling like a dog sniffs the woman who was shot dead and then starts walking away, and he hears another bag and it is another girl who has also crawling and barking like a dog. 
The man is behaving as if he is a dog, crawling on all fours and barking. He hears a bark from near the car, and crawls in that a direction. He comes across a young woman who is also on all fours, barking and behaving like a dog. They circle each other. It doesn't seem agressive, it's like two dogs being friendly.
the dog guy is barking towards the car and a dog girl appears probably out of the boot, they sniff and bark at each other
The man and the woman shoot each other and bleed to death. The bus stop guy has been turned into a dog because he can't stop barking. He's on his four limbs, barking towards the car, where a woman is, who has also been turned into a dog presumably by the magician. The two are barking at each other and walk around in circles on their limbs. The guy seems to be smelling her and the girl does the same.
The woman walks up to the guy and shoots him after finding the body in the boot. The magican then shoots her as he lies dying. nnThe guy then wakes up and thinks he's a dog. He crawls off and meets an attractive young female who also thinks that she's a dog. They do the usual dog things.
he continues acting like a dog moving towards the car, barking... when a girl appears, also barking and acting like a dog.  They sniff each other, as dogs do...
The man from the bus stop remains on is hands and knees between the two corpses. He is lapping the melted ice cream from the ground, then begins to bark. He crawls towards the car, barking. From the other direction, a young woman crawls towards him. She too is barking.
The man continued to act like a dog and barked.  The man crawled on all 4 towards the magician's car.  There was barking from the direction from the magician's car.  A woman on all 4 appeared and she was barking.  The man and woman walked on all 4 to each other.  Then they both walked towards the magician's car together.
The situation is really tense.  Bus Stop man has collapsed on the ground.  The magician swears as he looks at a paper.  The lady fires a gun then there is another gunshot.nnNext both the lady and the magician, shot, are collapsed on the ground.  There is the sound of a barking dog.  The bus stop man crawls on the ground heading towards the sound of  a barking dog.  Alarmingly there is no dog.  It is a different, younger lady, walking towards him and barking like a dog - as if possessed.nnNext the bus stop man starts barking like a dog as if he too has become possessed.  It is really scary at this point.
The hypnotised man who thinks he's a dog continues to walk on all fours, barking. He briefly seems interested in what appears to be the dead bodies of the magician and a lady, before being distracted by another dog barking in the distance and goes to approach it. Finally the dog comes into frame and we see that it's a woman, who is also on all fours and barking. The two bark and sniff each other and continue walking together barking.
The man from the bus stop continues to act like a dog on all fours. He sups from the spilt ice cream and then hears another dog barking. He moves into teh distance until a woman approaches him also acting like a dog. They do what dogs do and sniff each other's butts.
The man in the pink shirt continues barking and moving towards the car where another bark is coming from. We see it is coming from a young women who is also on all-fours barking. They seem to greet each other by rubbing up to each other and smelling each other whilst barking. They then move off together.
The man meets another woman who is also acting like a dog.
The guy in pink is still pretending to be a dog and barking and meets another person pretending to be a dog but this one is a woman in a dress. They sniff each other and are barking then start moving down the road together.
man continues barking and moving like a dog towards the car. A random woman also crawling and barking like a dog appears and they continue to bark together
The friend became a dog and kept barking. He met another lady that had been turned into a dog. They were barking and sniffing each other. 
The man continued to bark and then saw a girl in the same position as him also barking. They barked at each other for a few moments
The hapless guy continues to walk on all four (both hands and knees) with his face smeared with pink ice cream, while barking down the middle street. There's barking from the opposite end of the street. As he gets closer to the other barking, the film reveals the barking coming from a young woman with shoulder-length mousy brown hair. She's wearing a thin, sleeveless pale yellow with black prints dress. Both of them continue to bark at each other, even when they are side by side still on all fours. The hapless guy is facing on the rear end of the woman and he nuzzles her hip, as if in a mating ritual. 
Shirell has seen something very bad in the magician's car trunk. She charges the magician with her gun. The magician looks down at the bus stop guy and he's barking like a dog. The magician pulls out a paper and looks like he's trying to undo a spell he's put on the bus guy. Shirell now is pointing her guh at the magician and fires. The magician fires back. Both of them are on the ground. The bus guy is barking and another lady who is also barking comes along. They're now barking at each other.
The headphone guy who was made to think he was a dog by the magician barks as he walks down the street. He barks as we here barking coming from somewhere else in the distance. It turns out the barking was from another person. A random girl who we can only assume was also hypnotized by the magician. Most likely the girl who his assistant was upset about. They sniff each other's butts and then walk off together after.  
The magician and the woman are both dead on the ground, and the bus stop guy is still in a trance and still thinks he's a dog. He continues barking and crawling towards something. All of a sudden, a second woman comes in. She also thinks she's a dog, and she and the bus stop guy bark at each other and sniff each other's butts.
red shirt guy starts barking like a dog and licking the melted ice cream, then starts barking at another dog. He walks on all fours to the other dog which is actually a girl who is also acting like a dog. they bark at each other and circle and sniff each other.
Bus Stop Man is crawling on all fours and barking. After sniffing the bodies of Car Man and Woman, he hears barking in the direction of the car, and barks back. He crawls towards the car, and we see a young woman on all fours, barking back at him. They bark at each other, and sniff each other's behinds, in a canine fashion.
The bus man, hypnotised, thinks he is a dog, on all fours, barking. He comes across a woman, who also thinks she is a dog, both barking. They meet each other, both barking and sniffing each other
im not watching this with my friend they suck i shouldnt have to describe a movie every 30 seconds this is garbage
Bus stop guy is left hypnotized as a dog after magician and assistant shot each. The starts barking and crawling on the ground and runs into a girl also acting like a dog. She's probably the girl in the trunk.
The bystander wakes up and is acting all dog-like. The woman makes her way back towards the two men and shoots and the magician, who shoots her back. The two lay on the floor as the bystander gets on all fours and begins to lick the melted ice cream. He begins to bark in response to a distant bark from another dog. He makes his way toward the sound and another female appears. She seems to be under the same spell, barking and on all fours like a dog. The two begin sniffing and following one another. 
The phone man started barking, and in reply you heard barking coming presumably from the car, assuming it was a dog. But then it turned out to be a human female also pretending to be a dog. They continued barking and sniffing around each other
The bus stop guy crawls in the direction of the barking dog, apparently now believing he is a dog himself. The other dog turns out to be a girl, who has seemingly come out of the boot of the car the magician was driving. The two dogs circle each other, sniffing each other and barking as they go.
The guy in the red shirt has not turned into a dog. The woman shoots the magician and he managed to shoot her as well. They look to be dead. The guy in the red shirt is now on all fours barking and licking up his melted ice cream. He comes across a girl also acting like a dog. They sniff each other cautiously. 
