The magician starts to give a speech but As the two are pointing guns at each other, the woman fires her gun up in the air. nThe car seems to roll forward of its own accord. She asks again where is she. She goes toward the car. The magician says to the bus stop guy u201clook, Ive got something to show youu201d.
The magician's assistant fired a shot in the air and started to steal the magician's car. The dude in the red shirt tried walking away but the magician stopped him saying he needed to show the dude something.
The magician and his assistant hold guns pointed at each other. The assistant fires her gun into the air. Baby noises are coming from the magician's car. The assistant runs towrds the car and the bus stop man begins to walk away. The magician stops him and tells him that he has to show him something.
So Sharol and that man that just came out of the car were pointing guns at each other. Sharol shot in the air , and it made a noise that scared the dog that was in the car. She walked towards the car, and the guy she had just borrowed the phone from tried to walk away . But he was stopped.
After pulling a gun of his own, the magician describes how the weapon was previously used in a duel between famous performers. The girl fires her gun into the air to show that it is loaded. Then she points it once more at the older man. Suddenly, there is whimpering from the direction of the car, and the girl runs towards it. At this, the sweating man turns and starts to walk away, but the magician catches up with him and says that he has something for him.
The mysterious stranger and the woman are aiming guns at each other, while the original bus stop man is standing there watching them, seemingly uncomfortable from both the situation and the hot sun. The woman points the gun at the sky and shoots, clearly surprising both men, and the scene then focuses on the car, which the woman starts walking quickly towards. As she does this, the stranger insists she is ok, before turning to the nervous man, who was about to walk away. The stranger says he has something to show him.
The woman and magician are pointing guns at each other while bus stop guy looks on. The magician starts describing the history of the gun he is holding and the woman interrupts him by firing the gun in the air. She then starts walking towards his car as bus stop guy walks away from them both. The magician catches up to bus stop guy, tries to stop him from walking away and tells him he has something to show him.
The man in the car turns off the music and gets out of the car. He walks over tothe lady and the man who was waiting at the bus stop.nThe lady asks where 'She' is and then the man from the car asks the man who was the innocent bystander who he is.nThe lady pulls a gun, as does the man from the car. The lady fires into the air and we discover the man from the car was a famous magician, and the lady was his assistant.nWe then here crying from the car; is it a child or dog?
the two magic performers point guns at each other. The women then walks away in one direction and the guy with the headphones in the other. The other man who was in the car then tells the guy with the headphones he has something to show him.
the man started waving his pistol about saying that it was used in a duel to the death, as the woman demanded to know where she is the woman expended a round into the air, the car then started making noises like someone was inside, the woman ran to the car while the man in the suit assured her it was ok, as this happened the man in the red shirt started to walk away but was blocked by the other man saying he has something to show him 
The guy from the car pulled a gun out as well. The lady pointed the gun at the other guy and she fired the gun and asked the magician to shut up. The lady began to run towards the car.
The woman shot her gun in the air and run towards a car, because she heard a baby voice inside it. The man with headphones tried to walk away but the magician stopped him.
The angry woman shoots a shot of her gun into the air. The magician still has his own miniature gun. The woman hears a baby cooing and softly giggling. She heads towards the car. The sweaty man is stunned and turns away to start walking. The magician catches up to him and tells him that he has something to show him.
the woman fires her gun up into the air, and asks where is she, you hear what sounds like a baby, as the woman walks towards the car the sound is coming from the man at the bus stop starts to walk away, the man in the white car tries to stop him
The woman shoots the gun into the air to show that its loaded. The camera zooms in on the drivers car from which you can hear whines like a dog. She starts hurrying to the car and the bus stop guy sees this as an opportunity to leave but the driver magician stops him saying he has something to shop the bus stop guy.
The man who got out of the car and the woman point guns at each other and the woman fires into the air. then she hears a baby crying that must have come from inside the car and runs towards it. The man then tries to distract the man whose phone was broken with some magic trick. 
The woman points the gun at the guy from the car. He has his own gun in his hands. The women angrily shoots into the sky and then starts walking towards the car. The guy from the busstop starts walking away but the man from the car follows him and tells him tp wait.
The woman shoots the gun into the air, and then walks towards the magicians car. The man at the bus stop walks away. The magician follows him and tells him he has something to show him.
The man gets out of the car and tells the woman he calls Cherelle that She. She calls him bob and demands to know where She is. He asks who phone guy is and she says a friend. Bob  tries to intimidate the guy and asks do you know who I am? The guy doesn't know, but then he recognizes him as a magician and Cherrel as his assistant. Cherrel pulls a gun out of her bag and points it at Bob.  Bob magics a gun into his hand and says I've got one too Cherrel fires her gun into the air and then aims again at Bob and demands to know where she is. Then we here the sound of a small child coming from the car and Cherrel walks towards it. Bob says She's ok. but Cherrel doesn't stop.
when the guy from the car brought out his gun he started talking about the origin of the gun but the woman fired a warning shot then she heard the cry of a baby from his car and started to run towards it then the guy with the broken started to walk away but was stopped by the guy from the car
The car man starts babbling about something, so the lady shoots fire in the air. Then, she hears a noise from the car and starts walking towards it, while the boy from the bus stop leaves the two and starts walking in the other direction. The magician stops him and says he as something to show him. 
the man from the car waves a gun in the air. he is standing opposite the woman who also has a gun in her hand. the man from the bus stop watches on. the two people with the guns stand across from each other. the woman fires her gun into the air and then runs towards the black car. the man from the car stops the man from the bus stop from leaving the scene. he says to him...i got something to show you.
After they both have their guns out, the woman shoots in the air. She then runs towards the car and the phone guy starts to walk away but the other guy stops him and says he has something to show him.
The new guy who came in the black sedan was describing who the gun that he's holding belonged to. The woman then fires one shot in the air with her gun. Crying baby sounds can be heard coming from the black sedan. The woman then rushes towards it and at the same time the bus stop guy starts walking back towards the bus stop but is blocked by the new guy who insists that he has something that he wants to show the bus stop guy
The woman is pointing a gun at the man who has now exited his car - the magician from a casino. She fires a warning shot in the air, then hears a child crying in the car. She rushes over to investigate. The main character starts to stumble away, bemused and confused. The magician runs over to him and offers to show him a magic trick.
The magician dude starts talking about his derringer pistol, showcasing its history, to which the woman responds firing her semi automatic pistol in the air, continuing to ask where is she. Tense music starts playing followed by a baby's cooing crying. the woman charelle starts running towards the car where the baby's noise comes from while the magician follows the red shirt guy telling him he's got something to show him
The lady fires her gun in the air to show it is loaded and her and the man then face their guns towards each other. A whining noise that sounds like a dog comes from the car and the lady runs towards it. The man from the bus stop starts walking off and the man intercepts him, insisting he has something to show him and reaching into his pockets.
After their argument escalated and Shirelle pulled a gun on the British magician, he appeared to produce his own gun out of thin air. He started to give an elaborate patter about the weapon as they stood pointing their guns at each other and the man in the pink tshirt looked on. Losing patience, Shirelle fired a warning shot into the air. In the background, we heard a whining wimpering sound and saw a shot of the car. Shirelle started walking towards the car. The pink tshirt man took the chance to back off but was quickly stopped by the magician who told him he had something to show him. 
The magician tries running his mouth, but the woman shoots up in the air. She hears a whine from the car and walks towards it, the magician trying to ease her away. The guy tries to walk off, but the magician stops him, saying he has something to show him.
In a bad temper the woman pulls a gun on the man, he is questioning if her gun is loaded and in a split second manages to produce his own gun. he is a magician and the woman is his assistant. She fires a shot to prove her gun is loaded. nnThe sweating man is trying to withdraw from the scene but the magical follows him to stop him, he wants to show something to the sweating man. There is a crying noise coming from the car, the woman goes to investigate.
