The bus stop guy falls to the ground and drops his bag. He starts making this weird noise and squirms in the fetal position. I think the magician casted the wrong spell because he starts reading a note with a confused look. The lady assistant starts walking back from the car trunk. 
The bag dropped and ice cream fell on the floor. The bus mans fell to the floor and looked like he was falling asleep, but then started throbbing a bit when he was on the floor and seemed to have the animal that the skeleton was from inside him as he started making animalistic noises.
Man #2 hypnotizes Man #1 he drops he ice cream and falls to the ground. Man #2 curses and looks at his notes the woman walks back towards them.
The headphones man is hypnotised and he collapses and blacks out on the road. His melted ice cream is in front of him, but he somehow starts waking up much to the frustration of the magician who looks at his notes to see if he did his hypnosis correctly. The lady looking for her friend returns to the scene after looking in the boot of the car.
The Scene starts of with a close up of bob just having said his magic chant, it cuts to dripping ice cream and the camera pans sideways as the ice cream man blanks out and starts to fall, we see him huddled on the floor with his melted ice cream beside him he is struggling to breathe and making a heaving sound, bob says oh shit! and checks the wording of his chant, meanwhile sharelle gets the boot open and looks horrified
The scene pans to the man in the red shirt always cough, like he is possessed on the floor next to his spilled strawberry ice cream on the road. The magician swears, and then takes out the paper in his pocket to go over what he read, assuming what he said did not work. The woman is now shown with a scowl on her face walking fast towards the magician going to pass the car on its right. 
Aldi the great hypnotized or placed some spell on the main character, in which he then falls down (the main character) and starts doing weird kicks and twitches, Aldi the great (The magician) then clearly looks confused, as if he did not do the procedure on the main character correctly, so he pulls out a piece of paper that was in his pocket and starts to read it, making sure he said everything correctly while hypnotizing placing a spell.  Tha woman (Assistant) walks back from the car towards Aldi the great and the main charater who is laying on the ground
The magician continues to read his magic spell, and the other man begins passing out because of it, and his melted ice cream and shopping goes all over the floor. The man hits the floor and starts having convulsions. The magician realises he got his spell somewhat wrong, and begins reciting the curse from a piece of paper in his hand, to double check he got the curse right or not. the assistant beginss walking back from the vehicle. 
The main character starts convulsing on the floor after what appears to be an attempt at Hypnosis. The magician looks frustrated that he appears to have done it incorrectly and then pulls a note of his pocket. He starts than reciting the hypnosis spell again trying to see where he went wrong.
The kid falls to the ground spilling his ice cream, the magician over him saying the spell. But he said it wrong, as the kid is just convulsing on the ground and isnt dead. 
The magician was casting a spell on the guy, and the guy passes out on to the ground.  The woman has opened the trunk of the car and screams.nnThe guy is not out fully, and the magician realizes he didnt say the spell properly.nnThe woman hastily angrily walks back
The man speaks incantations to the man in the pink shirt, making him slowly fade away, his eyes shutting, before he eventually falls to the ground as if a spell has been put on him. The shot cuts to him on the ground, squirming around. The man says son of a bitch, as if this was not what was meant to happen. 
The young man collapses to the fall due to being hypnotised by the magician. The bag and ice cream fall and spill over the road. The young man is lying on the road fitting and the magician is cross and starts re-reading what sounds like a spell.
The man finishes his spell and the man from the bus stop falls to the floor, seeming to lose conscious. He then begins to make dog like sounds as the woman makes her way over to them
the magician hypnotises man from bus stop but i think he might have done it incorrectly  because hes re checking his notes
The bus stop guy got hypnotized by the magician and passes out. On the floor he starts twitching and making barking noises. The magician realizes he did something wrong so he took out a piece of paper from out of his pocket and reread the lines,
The magician appears to hypnotise the bust stop man and the latter falls to to the ground but partly revives. this upsets the magician who examines a piece of paper which perhaps contains the hypnotic spell. Meanwhile the woman has gone to the boot of the magician's car and is horrified by what she sees in the trunk.
So the woman walked to the car. While the magician squared up to the man with the headphone who at this looked quiet worried and zoned out. The magician brought out what looked like a coffin with an object like a skull - he started reciting some of incantation - the man in the headphones seemed like he was in another world. He seemed to be in a trance - the plastic bag he had in his hand went really weird. He fell to the ground, with liquid stuff drolling from his mouth.
The magician has hypnotized the bus stop man. The bus stop man falls to the ground and lay in a fetal position. His melted ice cream lay next to him. The magician realizes he may have used the wrong words while hypnotizing the man because he is surprised by the bus stop man's behavior. I think he was expecting him to do something else while he casted his spell.
the magician pulled a coffin shaped box from his pocket and started chanting. the man in red looked strange, his eyes rolled back and he started moving funny, then he dropped his bag with ice cream and fell to the ground. as he was on the ground the magician reread the chant because something went wrong. as this was going on the woman had found something in the trunk of the magicians car and was upset and walking back towards him. 
Aldini continues to chant the spell at the sweaty stranger. The sweaty stranger's eyes roll back and the bag he was holding that contains the now melted strawberry ice cream, beings to spill onto the asphalt. The stranger falls to the floor in a semi fetal position, right next to the pile of melted ice cream. The sweaty stranger then begins to make noises that sound like barking. After hearing the barking noises, Aldini curses to himself and begins to re read the spell off of the paper more quietly to himself. 
The man is a magician and has done something to the guy . the guy is feeling dizziness and fell on the floor
magic guy finishes his weird ass hypnotism on red shirt guy who drops his ice cream and falls to the fall writhing around a bit and panting kind of like a dog. the woman goes to the boot of the car, presumably looking for the elusive 'she'. when red shirt guy falls, magic guy says 'son of a bitch' and looks at a piece of paper - i think he did his hypnotism wrong - what a melon. the woman walks back over to him. then you woke up.. stop going sleep
The bus-stop guy collapses onto the ground in a trance, then starts barking like a dog. The magician seems frustrated at this, checks his pocket for a crumped sheet of paper, and starts double checking the incantation he just used, presumably because it induced a different effect on the bus-stop guy than desired. 
The contents of the guy`s container fell as he also fell to the ground. The man cursed at him and took out a piece of paper which he started reading some words from. As he did so the lady started walking from the car towards them.
The magician carried out what it seemed like a magic spell on the other guy which was a form of hypnotism.He dropped his bag of ice cream and fell to the floor the world aroung him spinning.Meantime while all the was going on the woman who i think i told you was the magicians assistant went to the car and prised open the boot only to be shocked by what she saw.The magician pulled out some notes from his pocket signifying that something had gone wrong with his magic trick and was cursing to himself 
As the man's voice lowered, the man with the headphones fainted and appeared to lose consciousness. There was a clip of the sky before it showed the man lying on the floor appearing to have a fit. There was ice cream everywhere. The other man shouted out son of a bitch and started to read a note. In the meantime, the women made her way back form the car to the man on the ground
The magician finished his satanic chant. The pink shirt man's melted ice cream and bag fall onto the ground, and he follows shortly after. The pink man begins spasming. The Magician says 'damn it' and pulls a paper note out of his pocket, before checking he said the correct lines.
The words spoken by the magician seem to be a spell and cause the man to pass out and fall to the ground. He comes round lying on the ground as the magician reviews the words written on his piece of paper. The woman walks back from the car and approaches the two men.
The magician finishes his incantation, and the bag of icecream falls from the headphone guy's hand and drops to the floor. The guy then falls down to the floor as if in a trance (He'd have cracked his head on the floor falling like that!) The woman has seen what's in the trunk of the car and is seeming quite 'numb' or possibly in shock..... The 'scary' voice of the magician changes to normal and is a little perturbed at the result of the incantation, confused he brings out a piece of paper from his pocket and confirms the words he has just spoken with those on the piece of paper.
