So, the weird guy is a magician. He asks the bus stop man if the lady told him who he was, but she did not. He ends up recognizing the guy on his own (I guess he is famous or well known in the area) and apparently the lady is his assistant. She pulls out a guy and aims it at the magician. He pulls out a tinier gun, and she then shoots in the air. 
The woman swears at the guy who came out of the car. The person is 'Aldini the Great' who is a magician who performed at a casino. The woman pulls out a gun and aims it at him and shouted ''Where is she?!' and then Aldini pulled out a gun out of nowhere and started to mindlessly talk about where the gun is from and then suddenly the woman shot in the sky to show that the gun is loaded.
Man #2 ask Man #1 does he know who he is. Man #1 says he's a famous magician and Man #2 plays along. The woman says shut up and pulls out a gun. Man #2 says he has one also and goes on to describe it. The woman says shut up and shoots in the air. 
We learn that the new male character is well-dressed and he is a magic performer at the local casino. The headphones man recognises him, but the woman is not happy about this and tells him to shut up. She pulls out a gun and aims in a the magician, who pulls out his own small pistol. The headphones man is caught in the middle and it looks like there will be a gun fight.
The three are stood in the road and bob says did you tell him who i am the sweaty ice cream man figures it out and says oh shit you are aldininI the magician sharelle goes towards the car and retrives something and then when bob doesn't respond to where is she she pulls a gun, aldinin magics his own gun and questions if sharelles is loaded. Sharelle fires a warning shot into the air.
The woman continues to speak to the man who was revealed as Houdini who does a magic show at a casino. They found that out because as the woman came up to this mysterious man in a white shirt and black pants and tie, after he sat against the hood of his car, she kept asking him where is she, where is she. And the guy says who is this? Signaling to the man in the red shirt and she says just a friend and he says no sir I was just waiting for the bus stop and asked to borrow my phone and broke it and I have been trying to get $60 or something to cover it. She then walks past the screen of the two men closely facing one another and she comes back and points a gun at the magic show guy and says where is she, he says is the gun loaded, she shoots it once up in the air, and he says, a ha, I have a gun for myself too, and the camera pans to the red shirt now watching this stand-off of the two people pointing guns at each other. After he had guessed who the guy was, he pointed to the woman and said your his assistant! and she said shut up!!. 
The main character is standing infront of the new male character who climbed out the car under the bridge.  He asks Do you know who I am in which the main character then clicks, that he is Aldi the great and the woman is his assistant (Magical show) , suddenly the woman pulls out a gun, the magician then asks if its loaded, and then also pulls out a small gun, the woman then fires a shot into the air, showing the gun is loaded.  Both the magician and the assistant have their guns drawn, the main character is terrified
The man waiting for the bus realises who the other man is. - Aldini the great, a magician. He also works out that the woman is his assistant, to which she interupts and pulls a gun out and points it at both of them. The magician does a trick whereby a gun appears in his hand and says 'look, i've got one too', and then begins describing the history of the gun in his hand. 
The man in the car starts asking the main character if he knows who he is, at first he doesn't seem to recognize him but a few moments later he has a lightbulb moment. He's the magician from the magic show down the road and the woman is his assistant. As he's saying this the woman screams, interrupting him she pulls out a gun and aims it at magician. He seems unconcerned and pulls out his own with a sleight of hand trick.
The kid figures out who the man is after the man shows alot ofparanoia. Hes a famous magician. The woman pulls out a gun and starts pointing it at the man and then the man makes a magic trick that makes a gun appear. the woman then shoots her gun in the air 
The guy says did you tell him who I am. Then the guy recoqnizes him as a magician and she is his assistant.  She screams and pulls a gun out.  The magician makes a gun appear and point at her, tell her where he got it from.  She fires into the air above.
The man unaware of the urgency of the situation, points out that the man is a magician that he recognizes. The woman screams at him to shut up and pulls out a gun pointing it at him and then the man who has just got out the car (the one that stepped up to the guy in the pink shirt). He acts cocky and plucks out a small hand gun of his own almost out of thin air. The shot cuts back to reveal the woman and the man pointing their weapons at each other as the man in the pink shirt winces, clearly exhausted and still not as alert as one might be in this adrenaline heavy scenario 
the man is concerned that the woman has told the youung man who i=he is. The older man asks him and the young man says 'you are Aldini The Great - the magician from the casino.nThe woman started asking where 'she' is, and if is she dead. As they are not listening she fired a gun into the sky. The older guy then produces a small silver gun and says he has one of his own. The two of them stand in front of each other with guns aimed at each other.
The man from the bus stop recognises the second man as a magician. The woman pulls out a gun quickly followed by the magician who also makes a gun appear. the woman shoots the gun up in to the air
the guy turns out to be her working partner the magicians the man in the car ask who the guy from bus stop isshe explains hes a friend but guy from bus stop explains he let her borrow phone at this point the woman draws a gun out at man from car and pulls a gun out on her , the man from bus stop now feels very tense.
The guy at the bus stop recognises who the man is. He is a magician and the woman is his assistant. The woman asks the magician where someone is. He didn't answer so she pulled out a gun and pointed it at him. The man did some kind of magic trick and pulled out a small gun as well. The woman fires her gun into the air.
The man gets out of the car as the woman and the man at the bus stop approach him.  The two men meet eye to eye and the bus stop man realises he is a famous magician and the woman is his assistant. The realisation seems to anger the woman and she produces a gun.   The magician produces one of his own, as if by magic, and the woman the fires her gun into the air.
The woman walks towards the man who is now sat out the car, followed closely by the man with the headphone again asking for money for his phone. They both get to the man by the car, she is asking where SHE is . The asked who she was with, she said a friend. The man with the headphones said, he didnt know her and that he lent her his phone. The man asked if she told him who he was - she shouted back at him, The man with the headphone suddently recognised the man - as some well know magician. The woman got angry and pulled out a gun. A shot was fired in the air 
The bus stop guy recognizes the mysterious man from the car. He's the famous magician in town and the woman driver is his assistant. The magician uses sleight of hand to make a gun appear in his hand and points it at the assistant. Meanwhile she pulls out a gun of her own and shoots it at the sky.
after the man in red figured out that the man in the car is a famous magician and the woman is his assistant, the woman pulled out a gun asking where is she. then the magician made a gun appear in his own hand and told about its origins. the woman fired one round into the air to prove her gun is real. 
The man with the sleeked hair confronts the sweaty man asking if he knows who he is. The sweaty stranger proceeds to say no, when the woman cuts in, reminding the sleeked hair gentleman that no one knows who he is. The sweaty stranger however has a look of recognition appear on his face before he exclaims that he does in fact know who he is. The sleek haired gentleman's name is revealed to be Aldini the great. The woman then screams for Aldini to shutup and reveals a gun. Aldini also reveals a gun seemingly out of thin air. The woman points her gun in the air and fires a warning shot.
A guy came tp the spot and the lady and the guy she borrowed phone walked to him . The lady asked him where is she? and the man seem to be a magician and want to know who that guy with the lady is ?
the woman calls the unknown man a cunt (slay), and says 'where is she' and the unknown man walks towards the guy in the red shirt and asks 'do you know who i am' and the woman says nobody knows who you are' but plot twist he DOES know him and says 'oh you're al something the great, a magician from the casino, and you're his assistant' the woman cuts him off and pulls out a gun, pointing it at the magician, he is like woah is that loaded and then magics one of his own up, tbh it looks like a toy gun but whatever. she keeps saying where is she and then fires her gun into the air 
The bus-stop guy realises he recognises the suited man as a famous stage magician, and that the woman is his assistant. The man seems pleased at being recognised, and then the woman pulls out a pistol. The magician then steps back and unveils his own smaller gun, acting as if this whole thing were an act on a stage. The woman, looking frustrated, then fires a warning shot into the air. 
The guy whose phone was broken asked the lady who the man in the car was. As the lady walked towards the car the guy asked her for the money to repair his phone. The man who was in the car got out and the lady angrily asked him who some lady was. The man asked her who the guy was and if she had told him who he was. The lady ignores him and walked towards the car. The guy informed the man that they do not know each other but had just met while he was waiting for his bus and the lady had damaged his phone. As the lady came back holding a gun the guy happily expressed that the man was a magician and the lady was his assistant. The lady pointed the gun at the man and stated that she would shoot him if he did not tell her who the lady was. The man instantly revealed a small gun in his hand and asked the lady if her gun was loaded. The lady fired a shot into the sky.
The guy with the white shirt said to the woman did you tell him who i was upon which the guy with the headphones regognised him as the magican from the local casino.The woman pulled out a gun and told them both to shut up upon which the magician also pulled out a gun like by magic .The woman then fired a shot in the air and it seemed our friend with the headphones on was very scared
The man in the car asked who the other man was. He asked the man whether he knew who he was and asked the woman if he had told him who he was.. The man joked at him and asked if he was the great Houdini and if the lady was his assistant. At that point the woman pulled out a gun,  the man also said he had a gun and pulled out his. They both were pointing guns at one another. The woman then took a shot at the sky.
The woman finished her sentence, calling the man in a white shirt and black pants a paranoid cunt. The man asks if the woman in the pink shirt if she told him who he is. The pink shirt man suddenly recognizes him as a magician from the casino, and the woman as her assistant. The man bows sweepingly, and the woman suddenly pulls out a gun, swinging it between the men. The pink shirt dude cringes. The woman asks where is she to the magician, who suddenly does some trick to pull out a little tiny handgun before rambling about how it was used in some duel against a duke(?). The woman fires a round into the air.
The man from the bus stop recognises the tall man as the magician from the casino. Then suddenly the woman pulls out a gun. The magician then reveals he also has a small gun in his hand. The woman then fires off a shot into the air.
The British bloke wants to know who the chap is with the headphones, the woman suggests that he's just 'a friend', the Brit asks if she's told her 'friend' who he is..... and then the 'headphone guy' recognises the Brit as a magician, and seems to be quite excited about being in the presence of a celebrity. This agitates the woman who produces a handgun and points it towards the magician. The magician is not overly impressed and 'magically' produces a small derringer-style gun as if from thin air and starts to boast about how the gun has provenance, having been owned by some other people who I guess we're supposed to think are 'famous'. Agitated further, the woman fires her gun in the air shreiking for the magician to 'SHUT UP!'......
