The woman hears whimpering and runs to the car. Bob stops the man from leaving and shows him something which appears to have a cross on it.
After firing the gun, the woman runs towards the trunk of the car and tries to open it.  The guy from the bus stop starts walking away, but the magician catches up to him and says he has to show him something.  He unwraps a mini black coffin with a gold cross on it from a cheetah print scarf.
The woman hears a baby crying from the car. She runs over to it and tries to open the boot. It's locked. Meanwhile, the guy begins to walk away but the man stops him. He says he has something to show him and pulls out a cloth. Inside the cloth is a small black coffin with a cross on it. He begins to say some kind of riddle.
Whilst pointing a gun at the magician, the woman hears cries coming from his car. She rushes over to the car and tries to open the boot. The man who was waiting at the bus stop tries to leave, but the magician stops him and says he's got something to show him. He has in his hands a tiny coffin wrapped in a handkerchief. 
The woman heard noises coming from the boot of the car, rather like crying. She approached the car to see what was inside the boot. We can infer that a person is in the boot and it is the she of her earlier enquiries. Meanwhile, the man in the suit is showing the man in the pink t-shirt an object which was hidden in his hanky. It looks like a very small coffin with a white cross decoration on the lid.
The suited man and the woman point their guns at each other, and stand still for a moment. Suddenly the crying of baby can be heard from the parked car under the shade and the woman begins running towards it. I'll explain the man shouts after her. The sweaty man begins walking away, clearly wanting no part of this conundrum. The suited man stops and says I have something to show you and produces a mini coffin from the middle of a napkin. He holds it up to his face. 
~ the man from the bus stop recognises the other man as a magician, however both the female and magician pull out guns at each other - the female runs over to the car trying to desperately look for someone or something, while the magician calmly proceeds to show the bus stop man a coffin as part of a trick.
The woman drops her gun and walks towards the rear of the car. The man from the bus stop tries to walk away but the other man stops him and tells him he has something to show him. He gets out a small black coffin shaped object with a cross on it.
Sherol is pointing the gun at Aldini the magician.  She hears a baby cry in the car and goes towards it.  Aldini show the phone man a magic trick.  He pulls out a handkerchief and shows him a small black coffin with a cross on top.
We hear a dog whimpering from the boot of the car, the woman upset and angry, walks towards the boot - this was probably who she kept asking about. The bystander tries to walk away, but the magician stops him telling him he has a trick to show him - he pulls out a weird coffin shaped object with a cross on it, and starts speaking in an old, biblical manner. 
 We hear noises from the car that sound like an animal whimpering and the woman runs to find out where the noise is coming from. The conjurer shows the man a small coffin and is about to open it.
As the magician and his assistant continue to face off we hear the sound of a puppy crying from inside the vehicle, presumably the trunk. The woman storms towards the vehicle. The man from the bus stop starts walking away in a hurry. The man in the suspenders follows him and stops him. He pulls a white piece of fabric out of his pocket and unwraps it. Inside there is a small black coffin marked with a cross.
a whining noise started from the trunk of the car so the lady with the gun runs towards the back of the car while the magician tells her it's ok.  The guy with the headphones starts walking away but the magician stops him and shows him a small carved casket.
The lady run to the trunk of the car to open it while the magician runs over to show the man who's phone was broken a miniture casket in a hankerchief saying,  I've got something to show you.
There's suddenly the sounds of a child coming from the car. The woman runs to it looking distressed and the man insists she will be ok. Then he turns his attention to the bus stop man and says he has something to show him. As the woman tries to open the boot of the car, the magician shows the bus stop man a small coffin and seems to be doing some sort of chant or spell.
Shavon and Bob are at a stand off when she hears a baby crying from the boot of the car she runs over to it crying. As the man at the bustop begins to walk away wanting no part in this, Bob turns his attention to him slowing him down saying I've got something to show you Bob pulls out this church cross wrapped in cloth to show the poor guy that was just waiting for the bus.
after shooting the gun, she goes towards bob car. while bob tells the other man he has something to  show him. in what looks like a miniature coffin
The woman and the magician are in a stand-off. The woman begins to approach the magician's car. The magician turns to the headphones guy and appears to begin doing a magic trick for him. He unwraps a cloth and a object with a cross appears. The woman meanwhile is opening the trunk of the car.
the standoff continues then suddenly the camera pans back to the magician's car and a mewling sound can be heard, the man from the bus stop starts to walk away but the magician follows him and stops him to show him a trick, from his pocket he brings out a silk scarf which we see is wrapped around a small coffin with a cross and while the magician is muttering something we see the woman desperately trying to open the boot of his car.
There is a barking noise and she runs towards his trunk. The man shows the bus stop guy a little coffin.
After she fired the shot in the air, the magician begins to lower his gun. She calls out 'where is she?!'. Panicked sounds come from the trunk of the car, and she runs over to it. The magician follows the young man, and tries to distract him with a magic trick, pulling an effigy of a coffin from a handkerchief.
After the woman shoots into the air, faint dog-like noises come from the boot of the car. The woman runs over to the car and begins to open the boot. The man in pink has started to walk away, when the mysterious man (the magician) stops him. He pulls out a black object in a coffin like shape with a cross on it and starts to recite something to the man in pink. 
The woman hears whimpering coming from the back of the parked car, pulls her gun down, and runs towards the car. The man waiting for the bus starts to walk away, but the magician stops him and shows him a model casket with a cross in the center. The magician starts to chant something to the man that was waiting for the bus. 
There's some sort of animal crying in the back of the magician's car. The main character starts walking away from the fight but the magician stops him and says he has something to show him. He unwraps what looks like a tiny coffin model.
The man and woman continue the armed stand-off. She wants to know how she is and where she is. A crying whining is heard from the car and the woman runs to investigate. The sweating man turns and leaves and is stopped by the magician who proceeds to show him a close-up magic trick involving a tiny coffin..
The woman turns her gaze to the car. She runs towards it to the booth. The guy with the phone problem starts to walk away, however he is stopped by the magician who says he wants to show him something. he pulls up a kerchief from his pocket and when he opens it up a black coffin with a cross on it is there.
after the lady confirms it's the the person she is was calling is the person looking at her from distance she pull a gun at the man then later heard the sound of a cry baby from the man's car she then run to the car leaving the man behind an the man approach the guy and ask the to wait he has something he decide to perform magic to the since the guy know that the is a magicians. let see what next
While holding the gun at the car guy, the lady heard wimpering noises coming from the car, she starts moving towards it and the bus stop guy starts to get freaked out and walks away with his head down. The magician stops him and says hes got something to show him like a magic trick. He reveals a figurine of a black casket with a cross on it, and starts saying some kind of ritualistic rhyme.
After firing the pistol in the air the woman runs to the car and searches the boot, saying where is she to herself. Meanwhile, the magician quickly approaches the young man, surrounds him slightly and pulls out a tiny black coffin from his sleeve with a golden cross decorated on it muttering some cryptic lines.
Okay, a lot just happened. After she shoots into the air, you can hear a dog whining from the direction of the car. She looks over to it right away and goes to the back of the trunk as the dog continues to whine. Meanwhile, the magician pulls the bus guy's attention by telling him I have to show you something. Look! I have t show you something! The bus guy is terrified, but watches the magician, afraid. The lady in struggling to open the trunk to free the dog that must be in there. The magician unwraps a white handkerchief in his hand that contains a small black coffin with a cross painted on the front. He starts saying a spell or a chant.
