The main guy was approached by the woman who asked him if she could borrow his mobile. The car she got out of was still moving
The woman runs up to the man waiting at a bus stop. She asks to borrow his phone and says she won't take it. He gives it to her and she walks into the street to call someone. She's barefoot and says I'm here and then the rest of the conversation is muffled. 
The barefooted woman approaches the man at the bus stop and asks to borrow his phone, claiming she won't take it. The man reluctantly lets her use the phone. The woman is heard talking to an unknown person on the phone. The woman apparently had plans to meet with someone at the location.
The woman who was using the payphone approaches the man who is waiting at the bus stop and asks if she can use his phone. She says it's okay I'm not going to steal it and the man gives her the phone. She then walks away and phones somebody and talks to someone while sounding very distressed.
The lady walking towards the guy asks him for a cellphone and says it is an emergency. The guy in the red t-shirt takes off his headsets as she approached. He hands her the cellphone and she takes it to make the call. She seems very distressed, as she paces back and forth whist on the call in the middle of the road. Her car does not stop moving as she does all this. On the call she says that she is here and from what I gathered, she is supposed to meet someone there 
The woman walking up to the man asked to borrow his phone and said she wouldn't take it. The man took off his headphones and gave it her his phone which she used to call someone. Meanwhile the man was sweating a lot in the hot sun.
The lady walks across the road asking the man waiting at the bus-stop if she could borrow his mobile phone. He was hesitant. The lady assured him that she won't steal it. She just needs to make a call. He reluctantly takes his mobile out and hands it to her. She uses it to call a number and said I am here. Where are you? She was barefoot. The man looked uncomfortably hot and stressed. 
A man was standing at a bus stop in the sweltering heat and a SUV pulled up at the side of a road near the man. A woman got out of the car and tried to use a public telephone, but couldn't get it to work. She came across the road and asked to use the man's mobile phone. He gave the phone to the woman and she made a call.
The lady who tried to use the public phone marches over the road to the guy with the headphones on. She asks to borrow his phone. He seems a little unsure. The lady assures him it will be OK. He hands over the phone and she walks away a few paces and dials a number. The camera cuts back to the gent in the headphones, who is looking quite perplexed at this point. The camera cuts back to the lady who is stressing that she is here. It appears that this place would be known to the person on the phone.
The woman who got out of her car after a few attempts to the public telephone, felt frustrated when she realized it was not working. she then saw a guy with handphones on and she approached him asking for his phone to use for emergencies. The guy gave her the phone and she called someone and now the guy that borrowed her phone seems to be getting impatient seeing how long she was on the phone with someone. 
The woman asks for the mans phone and he gives her it. She then walks off and starts talking on it and sounds very distressed about something. She threatens the person on the phone that she will tell everyone about something.
theirs a man at the bus stop a women in a car pulls up to use a pay phone then her car rolls away then she asks the man at the bus stop if she can use is phone  
The woman crosses the street to where the guy was standing. Her car is still moving down the street. She asks the guy if she can borrow his phone. He gives it to her. She makes a call and say' 'I'm here'. The guy looks really annoyed and is still sweeting.
The woman asks the man if she can borrow his phone, reassuring him that she will not steal it. The man takes out his phone and gives it to her. She then makes a phone call and is quite agitated as she talks to somebody on the phone, as the man watches on.
The sun is shinning.  There's a man waiting at a bus stop and he's very hot  and looks tired.  He's carrying a grocery with strawberries in it.  A car pulls up across the street and a woman gets out and tries using the pay phone.  She looks aggitated.  Her car starts to roll away but she doesn't seem to notice as she crosses the street to where the man is standing.  She's asks to borrow his phone.   He gives her the phone and she goes into the street to have a conversation.  It sounded like she told someone where she is and maybe threatened them.
The woman asked the man to borrow his phone. The man hesitates after taking off his headphones and the woman states that she won't steal his phone. The woman is handed the phone and walks into the street to make a call.
The barefoot female comes over to the man in earphones (in the background her car appears to roll?) She asks the man if she can borrow his mobile phone. The man, sweating from the heat, lets her. She walks away from him, across the road and makes a call. We hear her say I'm here The man continues to sweat and look tired and fed up.
The lady asked to borrow the man's phone, then proceeded to have a heated conversation with someone.
The woman from the car walks over to the man at the bus stop. She asks if she can borrow his phone, promising not to steal it. She then walks away to take her call, informing the person on the phone that she's here. She then threatens whoever is on the phone that she'll tell everyone. 
The lady that drove and stopped by the road side to make use of the telephone that probably was not working went across the road to meet a young boy who was standing at the bus stop. She asked the boy to borrow her his phone that it was an emergency. The young guy accepted and handed over his phone to her. She took it and moved away a bit from the boy. She looked a bit in distress. She kept saying am here! am here! on the phone
The woman crossed the street and asked to borrow the man's phone. He gives it to her and she walks away to make a call. You can hear her saying to the person at the end of the call that ''she's here''. 
The woman walks up to the man at the bus stop and asks him to borrow his phone. She assures him that she isn't going to steal it and walks out into the street to make a phone call while nervously pacing back and forth talking to some yet unknown person.
The Women in distress walked over to the man and asked for his phone to call someone he gives over the phone and she calls someone as she walked quickly away in a clearly stressed state, the man during this sighs and looks unimpressed and it cuts back onto the women who says  I will tell you everything I know 
The guy lends his phone to the frantic woman asking after the payphone didn't work.  She continues to pace in the street while talking with somebody on it, telling them she is here.  The guy seems slightly annoyed while still waiting on the corner.
The woman from the car rushes over to the man at the bus stop and asks to borrow his phone as it is an emergency. He gives her his phone and she walks away from him but staying in the area. She is talking on the phone, telling someone that she is there, she sounds agitated.
The lady walks up to the man and borrows his phone, she walks a distance to make a call, she seems tensed while on the phone.
The lady walking barefoot towards the man at the bus stop asking him to borrow his phone, the man did not understand or hesitated at first and after she repeated it, he then allowed her to use his phone. She grabbed the phone making a call as she walked away short distance telling the person on the other end of the call that she is here, she then continued making threat saying she will call everyone while she is talking on the phone.
The woman ask to borrow the man s phone. She is calling someone and saying she is there. The man has a dissatisfied look on his face.
A sweaty man is listening to music and waiting for a bus. A black SUV pulls up and a woman gets out. She heads to a payphone but it doesn't seem to be working, she then heads over to the man and asks to borrow his phone. She then calls and speaks with som
The woman who was at the phone box ask the sweating guy waiting by the bus stop if she can borrow his phone. He gives it to her and she walks away and makes a call. She says some incomprehensible words to someone on the other end of the phone while the guy by the bus stop looks exasperated. 
