the man from the bus stop recognizes the man in the car as being a magician but he and the lady aren't happy to be recognized so pull out guns
The new character inside the car with the clean haircut comes outside and sits on his bumper, he tells the woman she has gone too far and starts reassuring her but she seems angry and demands him the location of some other woman or possibly a girl. He notices the man with the broken phone behind her and asks the woman who he is, she calls him a friend which moderately surprises the busboy. The man then threateningly approaches the boy asking him if he knows who he is talking to, the bus boy reassures him by telling him he was only helping the woman call someone and did not know her at all. The man and woman start arguing once again when the bus boy suddenly recognizes the new character as a magician who performs in the local casino. The magician then bows proudly with a grin on his face all while the woman suddenly brings out a handgun and points it at the magician. But the magician does not seem to be phased and instead performs a magic trick to bring out a gun of his own, even then the woman does not hesitate and shoots, the camera then pans in a few different directions and we are yet to know where that shot connected.
Cheryl has drawn a gun on Bob and he has palmed one as well so they are both pointing guns at each other whilst the bystander watches. Cheryl is asking where she is and then hears a noise like a whimper from bob's car
The guy from the bus stop has figured out that the man in the car is a famous magician and the woman is his assistant. The woman is screaming 'shut up' and then pulls a gun on the magician. The magician then produces a gun from his hand as if by magic. The woman is shouting 'tell me where she is?' to the magician. She then fires her gun in the air. We then see the car and start to hear what sounds like a dog whimpering.
The guy from the bus stop recognises the man to be a magician and the woman is his assistant. When he says this, the woman draws a gun and tells him to shut up. The magician flicks his arm and suddenly a small gun is in his hand, which he points at the woman, all the while the man from the bus stop has a petrified look on his face. The woman raises her gun a shoots a round into the air. The camera focuses on the car and some noises can be heard. It was too early to tell, but it could have been a child or potentially a dog.
The woman pulls a gun on the magician, who in turn conjures one into his hand.  The woman asks where is she?  The woman fires a shot in the air, and then looks towards the car, from which we hear a baby crying.
After the man introduces himself as a magician, the man who had his phone smashes guesses that the woman is his assistant. The magician and his assistant then pull guns on each other and point them. The assistant sounds very displeased while the magician brushes off her obvious frustration and anger.
The lady starts screaming shut up! and pulls a gun on the magician who has just arrived in his car. The magician proclaims that he has a gun of his own and one appears in his hand with a quick magic trick of his hands. The lady then points her gun to the sky and fires a shot. We then hear what sounds like animal sounds, possibly from an injured dog or similar, and it has caught the lady's attention.
man with the broken phone recognized the other man who came into the car with the loud music, he said now I recognize you you are a magician and woman here is her assistant, as he said woman showed a gun and asked the man with the car  Where Is She? magician does not say ny thing but take out a gun and said that a old gun But women looses her temper and shoot a fire in the air and ask again , but at the same time she heard a baby crying and voice is coming from megicain car.
The man in the red shirt recognizes them both as a magician and the woman as his assistant. She gets a gun out and tells everyone to shut up. The magician brings out a tiny gun as well. A gunshot sounds out and we hear what sounds like a dog from inside the black car.
the woman ignores him and keeps walking towards the man in the car while the main character follows her closely behind still requesting for the money for his phone repair. the man in the car comes out of the car as she walks towards him and sits at the edge of the car. she is throwing insults at him and asks him for someone and where she is but he didnt provide an answer instead he ask her who the main character was to her and she replied he is just a friend. the main watching all of these and being cautious of the tension around them clarifies that they dont actually know each other and he just wants the money for the repairs to his phone. the man was moving angrily towards him asking if he knew who he was and the lady also cursing him out.nthen suddenly the main character, realized that he did know him and he was aldi the great, the magician who worked at the casino and the woman was his assistant. aldi was satisfied and impressed that somebody knew who he wasnthe woman suddenly brings out a gun pointing it at aldi and aldi also magically brings his own gun. they both begin arguing and the woman points her gun to the sky and shoot. meanwhile the main character watches all this go down
The man is a magician and the woman is after him because he has kidnapped someone who i presume is her daughter. They both brandish guns! The woman shoots her gun into the air. There is silence, then you can hear a wailing from the trunk of the mans car. 
The woman pulls out a gun and tells the 2 guys to shut up.  The magician guy suddenly produces a gun as well and there is a standoff while the magician guy talks about where his gun came from.  The woman shoots her gun in the air to shut him up.  The video pans to the magician guys car where you hear what sounds like a baby.  The woman seems to notice the baby noise and looks towards the car.
The lady has a gun and is pointing it at the bus stop man and the man that drove up in the car. The man ask is the gun load and then pulls out his own gun. The lady shoots her gun in the air and she hears a sound coming from the man car.
The man figures out that the woman is the magician man's assistant. She scream at him to shut up, the magician man also magically produces a gun. The woman shoots her gun towards the sky after screaming 'where is she.' The man with the headphones looks scared and starts slowly backing away. 
The man and woman point guns at one another while she asks where is she and fires a shot into the air
She pulled up a gun and pointed it at the man from the car asking where someone is. The man from the car also performs a magic trick and pulls up a gun as well. they both point it at each other as the man whose phone was destroyed stares in confusion. She fired the gun in the air and looked like someone started making some noise from the car the magic man came with.
The woman pulls out a pistol.  The magician pulls out his own pistol.  The woman shoots in the sky.  A baby can be heard crying from the car the magician got out of.
The woman pulls a gun out of her bag screaming where is she, the magician tells her to take it easy and asks is that thing loaded? before then saying well guess what, I've got one of my own, a gun appears from nowhere in to his hand, he shows off the gun saying it was once owned by a professor used in a dual against a prince. The woman shoots the gun in to the air to show it is loaded before continuing to point it at the magician. A baby can then be heard crying, the cries appear to come from his car
The woman pulled out a gun and pointed it at the magician. She is really stressed out and she wants to know where someone is. The magician retaliates buy pulling a gun out of his sleeve and starts to self praise himself. Some noise can be heard from the car and the woman can hear it.
And then the lady and then the guy whose phone was broken walked up to the new guy and the lady said fuck you to the new guy and he ask her why is she so paranoid and the she says where is she and the new guy ask the lady who the other guy was and she said his a friend and the new guy says I told you not to bring another and the guy starts to explain why he is in the middle of everything and the things starts to get messy and guns are brought out and fired up by the lady.
when the man with a headphone was still trying to introduce identify the man who just came by as a magician, the magician moved towards the headphone man like he was about to attack him saying do you know who I am, .the magician then asked the lady who the headphone man was. So, the lady quickly respond that he was just a friend. The man kept approaching the headphone man and the lady immediately pulled out a gun. The magician then also brought out a pistol from no where and both the lady and the headphone man was astonished. then the lady shot her own pistol into the air and the magician disappeared. 
The woman says the man is Aldino the great the magician.  the man from the bus stop recognises him and says to the woman that she is his assistant.  The magician gets out a gun but then the woman pulls out a gun and shoots
The woman pulls out a gun in anger. The magician pulled out a gun of his own through a magic trick. She pops a shot in the air.
The bus stop man realizes he is a magician and the lady is his assistant. But the lady asks where is she and pulls out a gun which she points at the magician. He then says I got one of my own and magic a gun himself which he points at the lady. The lady shoots the gun and you can hear a dog howling in the background as the scene pans to the man's car under the bridge.
The man wearing the headphones realizes that the skinny man that arrived in the sedan is a local magician, and that the woman is the magician's assistant. After announcing his revelation, the woman yells at him to stop talking as she pulls out a pistol. She first points it at the man with the headphones and then points it at the magician, holding the pistol on him. Suddenly, the magician, using slight of hand, reveals that he too has a small Derringer style pistol. He begins to show off his weapon and announces that it once belonged to another great magician, while pointing at the gun at the woman. During this standoff the woman is asking Where is she?!, as it seems someone has been kidnapped. As she is asking this, she begins to hear crying coming from the magician's sedan. 
the woman askes some quesiton but the man does not reply. she then collects a gun and aims at the man in white shirt. the man with pink shirt recognises that they are a part of a magic team
The man suddenly recognizes the second man as a popular magician, and the woman as his assistant. She suddenly pulls out a gun and points it at the magician. He suddenly produces a gun as well and proclaims it to be famous. She then fires a shot in the air.
The woman pulls out a gun and asks again where is she. Turns out the other guy is a magician he pulls out a fake and asks the woman if her gun is loaded. They have a stand off and the woman shoots in the air as warning. The scene ends with a baby crying in the car.
As bus stop man has just said hey, your the magician, he then said. looking at the woman 'Hey and you're the assistant' At that same time she quickly pulled out a gun and aimed it at the magician but a split second later, he also pulls out a very small pocket gun and points it at the woman. He starts saying, you are not the only one with a gun and describes how it had been used to do many other things and by whom. The woman ask where is she and then we hear a whimpering noise coming from the car, which sounds like a dog.
