Bus stop guy starts walking on all fours (like a dog) towards the car, there is barking off-screen and he keeps answering it with barking of his own. Then the camera pans round to a young woman who is also on all fours, she is the other one barking. They bark at each other.
The magician and his assistant have shot each other apparently dead and are both lying either side of the bus stop man. The bus stop man is now on all-fours and is barking like a dog. It appears that the magician has cast a spell and made him act like a dog. He starts to walk away from the spilled ice cream and stops to smell the dead assistant's body. He then walks back towards the car barking as another dog's bark can be heard. We then see a young woman walk towards him also on all-fours and she is also barking and acting like she is a dog. Perhaps this is the she the woman mentioned earlier and who she was trying to get out of the boot of the car. We are left to wonder if perhaps the magician had done his spell incorrectly before and made her believe she was a dog too!
The magician turned a guy from the bus stop in to a dog person and his assistant from the boot approached him and shot him and  the magician shot his assistant as well. They were both lying down shot when the guy from bus stop started burking like a dog and from the boot there was a lady turned into a dog to burking at the guy.
The guy keeps barking and crawls on the ground like a dog. He goes and sniffs the dead woman.  He keeps barking and moving toward the car, and eventually sees a woman who is also acting like a dog. 
in the second part the man in white shirt and then women are laying on the ground and looks like they have shot eachother. Then man with the white headset is crouching on the floor continues being sick before crawling away from the scene. The man starts to bark like and dog and another young women is also crawling on the floor infront of him also barking back at the man.
The bus-stop man, safe from the crossfire of the two, now deceased drivers, sniffs around the ground and continues in his actions as if a dog. He crawls around, making his way to the vehicle. He continues with several barking sounds, in response to what might have been coming from the trunk of the car. As he approaches, his barks are met in response to another barking source. This is revealed to be a female, who is sharing in his dog-state. She barks back to his barks. 
the guy is acting like a dog barking and then sees the girl they were talking about which is also a dog and barking at him
The sweaty guy had been hypnotized to behave as a dog. He licked some of the melted ice-cream, then he started barking around, walking on all fours towards the car while sniffing the air, exactly like a dog would. The sounds of another dog barking could be heard as the sweaty man approached the car. Suddenly in the frame, the other dog barking came into view, and we could see it was a female on all fours, who also appeared to be hypnotized into thinking she was a dog. Both of them barked, facing each other on the road.
the guy who has been hypnotised into thinking hes a dog keeps barking and some more barking is going from by the car. He walks on all fours towards the car where there is a girl on all fours barking back to him
After the man and the woman shot each other the man from the bus stop started acting like a dog and licking the spilt ice cream, he then runs into a woman who is also acting like a dog.
The man on the floor starts barking and crawling arounf on the floor. He crawls past the woman on the floor towards the car. He continues to bark, but there is additional barking too. You then see him go towards a new woman who is barking and crawling like he is.
The spell turned the man at the bus stop into believing he is a dog and he meets a woman who believes lshe is also a dog
After the man has been mentally transformed into a dog and seeing that both the woman and the magician and both shot themselves dead. The man's ice cream which he licked from the ground whist barking the whole time. He's barking in the distance and proceeds to crawling on all fours towards the sound of the barking and encounters a female who has also been hypnotized into believing they are a dog. 
the guy crawls away barking like a dog when he meets a girl,who is also crawling around barking like a dog
She shoots him He shoots her somehow bust up guy turns into a dog and then there is some barking that was coming from the trunk of the guy's car and it turns out there is a girl who is also barking like a dog So the scene ends with bus stop guy and the girl from the trunk on their hands in these barking like dogs. I would have appreciated the disclaimer saying this was a movie with a cultism and filthy language.
the magican hypnotizes the man who falls asleep and behaves like a dog at the same time woman decides to shoot the magican falls down and shoots her and they both propably kill themselfs the man starts barking and hears another barking so  he goes to tge direction where he saw the woman hypotized into a dog  
After the spell the man licks up something from his shopping bag while on his hands and knees. He is acting like a dog with how he is behaving by his movement and with his sniffing. He goes towards the car barking and alert, it then shows a younger lady who also is behaving like a a dog, they see each other and bark at one another
The bus guy continues to lick ice cream off the floor and bark. He barks and hears barking return, and follows the noise. He eventually is kneeling on all fours next to a woman who seems to have also fell under the spell cast by the now dead magician. 
With both the lady and Bob dead and the other guy hypnotized to be a dog the guy who is now a dog starts to crawl away on all fours. There is barking from a distance and he starts crawling towards the other barking thing while he is barking like a dog. It turns out the other barking thing is a cute girl! Who I think must have also by hypnotized to be a dog as she is also on all fours and barking like a dog. The two go up to each other barking and acting like dogs. 
The sweaty man begins crawling around on the street barking like a dog. We hear the sound of another dog barking in the distance. This goes on for about a minute and then we see another woman who is barking like a dog and crawling like a dog coming towards the sweaty man. They are both acting like dogs and barking at each other. It is unclear what has happened to the original man from the car and the woman after they shot at each other; it is assumed they are dead or still lieing in the street. 
The man from the bus stop continues to bark like a dog and crawls on all fours towards the car. An apparently answering bark comes from the direction of the car. The camera pulls back to reveal a young woman on all fours barking.
A man wore red shirt crowing on the road and lying next to him two dead bodies of a man and a woman. The crowing man kept crowing like a dog and barked like a dog while you can hear there was another dog barking in the nearby. The dog like man kept crowing toward the source of the other dog barking sound. Then he met the source of the barking sound. Another woman crowing on the road and barked like a dog toward the dog like man.
The man from the bus stop gets on his hands and knees and starts barking like a dog and eating food from his spilled grocery bag. The magician and his assistant are wonded and possibly dead or dying. The man move away on hand sand knees and continues to bark. The sound of another bark can be heard and a young woman appears on hand and kness and she is also barking like a dog.
well the magic guys voodoo turned bustop guy into a gog,then the woman shot the magic guy andshe shot him back,then the guy whos a dog starting barking and a girl appeared who also barks like a dog
The bus guy continues to walk on all fours down the street while barking. He goes over  to the dead woman lying on the ground and sniffs her like a dog does and then continues walking on all fours down the street toward the car and barking as he goes along. Suddenly on the screen appears a beautiful girl walking on all fours barking to him. They meet.
The guy from the bus stop is on all fours. He is still lapping up the spilled ice cream. Bob has been shot and so has Chevon. The man from the bus stop starts barking and slowly moves away from the ice cream. He crawls towards Chevon and starts sniffing her. He then continues on past her barking every now and then. Suddenly the camera pans and we see a woman, on all fours just like the man from the bus stop. Both start barking at each other.
The bus stop man is acting like a dog and starts to lick the spilled ice cream, the camera pans over and we see that the magician shot the assistant at the same time she shot him. They both lie on the floor in pools of blood. The man who is acting like a dog walks on all-fours towards the car and starts to bark, we hear more barking from off the screen and the scene ends with him barking at a woman who has also been hexed into acting like a dog.
The magician and the assistant are both lying on the floor not moving, presumed to be dead. The camera centres around the man in the red t shirt. It appears that he has been hypotnoticed into believing that he is a dog. The camera stays there for a short time as the man crawls on his knees and hands to the assistant and sniffs her leg looks the other way and then continues up the road, as the camera pans to the side you can see that he is still wearing his headphones, listening to some sole music, but at this point he has dropped the bag that he carrying and left it at the scene. We also see the man in the red t shirt start to bark. In the distance we can hear the barking of another dog, as the man continue to crawl along, he comes across another human female who is also imitating a dog. It appears that she is also under the same hypnotism as the man in the red shirt. The woman has brown hair and tanned skin and is wearing a dress, the scene stops with her barking.
the magician and the woman lay dead on the floor. the magician has put a spell on the man to make him become a dog, he has just met another woman who appears to have had the same spell put on her
The man in the red t shirt gets to his hands and knees and barks like a dog. He licks the melted ice cream from the ground. The magician and his assistant lie dead on the ground. Another dog barks in the distance. The man in red crawls on his hands and knees along the road, barking . Then you see a girl on her hands and knees barking too.
They guy begins barking like a dog and walking on all fours. He continues barking and walking forward and there is a girl on all fours also barking like a dog
