The two bulls animals are debating on whether the lump in the water an alligator or a log is. The one on the left throws a rock at it, then pokes it with a stick, splashes with water, and climbs on top of it. In the mist of this the other bull animal is still saying it is a log and the other still believes it is an alligator. 
The bulls kept going back on forth on whether it is an alligator or an log. So the bull on the right picked up a rock and threw it an the thing in the water, but it didn't move. So he though it may be a rock but went back to thinking its an alligator. So he picked up a stick and poked the thing in the water and still no movement so he determined its a rock. So he jumped on top of it.
One of the animals throw a rock at it and it doesn't move, so they start touching it with a stick and argue over what it is. They then splash it with water and one of them stands on top of it to try to prove that it's a log.
Two cows are looking at a shape in the water One is convinced it is a crocodile, the other that it is a log. The one that thinks it's a crocodile tries to provoke the shape by first throwing a stone, then prodding with a stick and finally by standing on it. The shape does not seem to react, so perhaps it is a log after all.
The cow that thought croc, threw a stone at it and now movement so the other one still said log. Then it threw a stick at it and still no movement, the other still said log. Lastly it threw water on it and as it still didn't move the first cow jumped onto the log croc
the two bison continued to debate whether the object in the water is a log or a crocodile.nto prove their point, Bison A (the one who thinks it is a crocodile) threw a rock at the object. it didn't react, Bison B reiterated their belief that it is just a log. Then Bison A poked the object with a stick. Again it didn't react and again, Bison B said it is a log. Finally, Bison A climbed on to the object, which again didn't react.
The 2 wildebeests are arguing about whether it's an alligator in the water or a log. The one on the left pokes the thing with a stick but it doesn't move, so then the wildebeest splashes some water onto it. Then it jumped on top of the alligator log.
The wildebeests keep arguing through speech bubble pictures about whether the object is a log or a crocodile. The one who thinks it is a crocodile throws a small stone at the object and nothing happens so they argue again. The one who thinks it's a crocodile then pokes the object with a stick and still nothing happens so they argue again. He then uses his hoof to splash the object and nothing happens again. After one more round of arguing the one who thinks it's a crocodile jumps onto the object.
one cow tests the log by splashing it then steps over to the log
Buffalo think's there is a log in the lake, however the other things it's possibly a alligator instead. They are debating and one uses a twig to poke and find out and then takes a leap of faith onto it! 
the cows aren't sure if the surface on the water is a crocodile or a rock. the cows disagree and try to poke it etc to see if it moves. it didn't so one of the cows got onto it
They threw a rock to see if it is an alligator then poked it with a stick and splashed water on it. Finally, one of them stepped on the alligator.
One of the yaks stood on the object in the water to determine whether it was a log or something else.
Two buffalos stare at something in the water.They're trying to figure out if its a crocodile or log. One of them pokes it with a stick then hops onto it.
There are two characters, both of them are wildebeest. They are by a watering hole looking for a drink. On the edge of the water, they spot a shape. Whilst one wildebeest believes it to be a dangerous crocodile, the other thinks it is just a log. They have different thoughts and they have an argument, involving poking of the log shape to see if it moves.
Two oxen are standing by a lake and are debating whether a large lump surfacing above the water is a crocodile or a harmless log. One of the oxes jumps onto the mound at the end.
The animals on the bank were testing out the object in the water to see if it was a crocodile or a branch. The object doesn't react and at the end one of the animals jumps onto it.
the 2 wildebeest are still disagreeing whether it is a log or a crocodile. the one that things it is a crocdile first throws a stone at it, no reaction; then prods it with a stick, it bobs in the water; then jumps on it...
Two animated water buffalo are at the side of some water. They see an object in the water that looks like a log. One water buffalo thinks that it is a crocodile but the other thinks it is a log. They think through pictures in speech bubbles. The buffalo that thinks it is a crocodile flicks water on to the log, pokes it with a stick and throws stones at it but it does not move. He them jumps onto the log.
There are two yaks standing on the edge of a body of water. They are arguing about whether the item floating close to the shore is an alligator or a log. One yak thinks it's an alligator, so it threw a rock at it. The item didn't move. Then, they poked it with a stick and it still didn't move. Then, they splashed it with water and it still didn't move. The yak jumped on the item and was standing on top of it floating in the water. 
The buffalo can't agree if the bump in the water is an alligator or a log.  They throw a rock at it, poke it with a stick, and splash water on it.  
The two wildebeast continue to argue over whether or not the object in the water is either an alligator or a log. The wildebeast claiming it's an alligator tosses a rock at the object, prods it with a stick, and finally steps on the object after the object doesn't move after the provocations.
The buffalo who thinks it is a crocodile throws a rock at the object in the water. The object does not move. The other buffalo says its a log. The first buffalo still says no it's a crocodile. That buffalo now pokes it with a stick. It does not move. The other buffalo says again that it is a log. The first buffalo still says no it's a crocodile. That buffalo splashes at the thing and then jumps onto it. It still doesn't move.
The cattle are trying to work out if the item in the river is a log or a crocodile alligator. One pokes it with a stick, and then stands on it.
The 2 bison are communicating wether the object in the water is a crocodile or a log. One of the bison picks up a stick and prods the object. As it doesnt move he then splashes the object with water. As it still doesnt move he then jumps on it.
There were two moose like creatures stood at the edge of a body of water, visible in the water was a mound, they looked to be trying to decide if the mound was a log or crocodile. They debated this and images appeared above their heads as one thought crocodile and the other shook it's head and the image of a twig appeared. They were curious and invesgiated further first by chucking a small stone to try and raise the potential croc and then one moose jumped on its back with it's two front legs.
Two buffalos went to the river to drink water but they got there and were so undecisive when they were about to drink water. Reason being that there was a big wood in the river in front of where they wanted to drink and ended up arguing if that was a wood or a crocodile until they checked.
The animals on the shore are still arguing about whether the object in the water is a crocodile or a log. The animal that believes it is a crocodile throws a rock at it, argues, pokes it with a stick, argues, splashes it with water, argues, and eventually climbs on the object all while the object does not move. 
The bison on the left kept telling the bison on the right it was an alligator and after a bit back and forth, the alligator that thought it was an alligator poked a stick at it and splashed water, then went on top of it. 
The wildebeest continued to argue over what the floating object was. The first wildebeest prodded the object with stick, threw a stone at it and then stood on its back, all the while arguing it was a crocodile. The second wildebeest continually said it was a log.
The cow that was arguing that it is a log tried to prove it by first throwing a rock at it (it didn't move), then a branch, (it also didn't move) and now it's standing on it to try to prove it's a log.
Two bulls (or were they buffalos?) were standing together, looking at some mystery object in a body of water. One of the two bulls described the mystery object as an alligator. The other disagreed, saying that it was a log. They continued to argue over this topic, when finally one the bulls (the one who claimed alligator) poked it with a stick. No movement from the object. The other essentially said, that's because it's a log. The other one began to tread upon the mystery object, still no movement. It's a log, the other one said. Finally, the bull climbed up on top of the object. 
The animals continued arguing over whether the thing in the water was a stick or crocodile. To prove it one of them splashed water, poked it with a stick and splashed water at it. Then the one of them got on top of the crocodile. 
There are two bulls standing on the edge of a body of water and they see something sticking out of it, one of the bulls thinks it is an alligator while the other believes it to be a wooden log. Due to their disagreement, the first bull throws a pebble at it to see if there is a reaction, but nothing happens. Next, the bull pokes at it with a wooden stick and nothing happens once again. Finally, the first bull creeps up to it and stands upon the mysterious object.
Two water buffalo are standing on the bank of a river and looking at an object in the water. One thinks its a crocodile and the other thinks its a log. The one who thinks its a crocodile tries to prove it by first kicking some water and it and then poking it with a stick whilst the other buffalo thinks its a log. Then the one who thinks its a crocodile jumps onto it.
The animal that initially thought there was a crocodile in the water seems to want to convince the other animal who thought what was in the water was a piece of wood. The crocodile thought animal tests his theory out by poking at the water and also climbs onto the crocodile back looking thing in the water to further test
Two buffaloes were at the bank of a river.  They saw something in the river.  One thinks it's a crocodile while the other thinks it's a log.  The one that thinks it's a crocodile tried to prove it.  He threw a rock at it, poked it with a stick, splashed water on it but it did not move.  He then stepped on it.
The two buffalo were looking into the water trying to decide if an object there was a crocodile or a log. One insisted it was a crocodile and threw a stone at it, poked it with a stick, splashed it with water and stood on it. While none of these did anything the other buffalo insisted it was in fact a log
Two water buffalos are arguing by the river. One thinks the object in the water is a log but the other is convinced the object is a crocodile. One of the buffalos throw a stone at the object and eventually jump on top of it to prove that it's just a log.
The two animals continue to argue about whether the thing in the water is an alligator or a log.  One of them throws rocks at it and pokes it with a stick.  Finally one of them climbs on top of the object and stands on top of it.
it looks like they are trying to figure out if the log of wood was indeed wood or a crocodile. One of the mosses poked it with a fallen branch to see if it moved and i didnt 
There are two bulls standing at a water's edge. There is something in the water in front of them. One bull says to the other it is a crocodile. The other says it is a log. The first bull throws a stone at it and repeats that its a crocodile. The other insists its a log. The first bull picks up a stick and starts poking the object in the water. Again he reiterates to the other bull its a crocodile. The other bull says its a log. Then the first bull starts splashing water on it and then jumps on top of the object in the water.
The bulls were trying to figure out whether the object in the water was and alligator or a log. They threw a rock at it, pocked it with a stick, and splashed water on it. One bull decided to jump on top of it.
Buffalos were at the water edge looking at a log.  One buffalo tossed a stone at the log thinking it was a crocodile.  nThe log did not move and the buffalo then poked the log - there was still no response fro the log.nnFinally the buffalo splashed the water vigorously hoping for a response from the  crocodile but of course it was unresponsive because it was a log!
Two water buffalo are standing on an embankment. They are both looking at something floating on the surface of the water. They start mooing at each other and we can see they're both arguing about whether the item in the water is an alligator or a log of wood. The one who thinks it's an alligator starts trying to provoke the item in the water, by throwing rocks at it, by kicking water at it, and finally by jumping on it. Throughout this they keep arguing if it's wood or an alligator. At the end when one jumps on it and it doesn't react, the other restates it's wood. 
Two cows are stood by a river. They are deliberating whether the object infront of them. slightly submerged in the river, is a crocodile or a log. One of the cows takes a stick and pokes the object, but it doesn't move. They also try and splash water on the object, but again it doesn't move, so the other cow is convinced the item is a log. Eventually one of the cows jumps on to the object.
the first part of the film you see to cow type creatures doing what looks like trying to cross the late or a mass of water and they look at each other trying to figure out what to do.
There are two buffalo stood next to a watering hole with what is a log or alligator in front of them. One says to the other that it is an alligator. The other says it is a log. The first throws a stone at it to try and confirm it's an alligator. The other buffalo disagrees. The first buffalo then jumps on the log alligator.
The two cows are standing by the river looking at something in the water.  The first says that it's a crocodile, but the second thinks it's a log.  To try to prove that it's a crocodile the first cow starts throwing things at it and splashing it, but it doesn't move.so the cow jumps on it
The two wildebeest continued arguing if the object in the water is a crocodile or a log, so the main wildebeest who is convinced it's a crocodile then throws a rock at the object, it does not flinch, then continues to poke a stick at it and splash water, still does not make a move - He then decides to climb ontop of the object
The buffalo is wondering if the alligator is a log in the water. The buffalo gets on the back of an alligator thinking it's a log
Both the two cows continued arguing whether it was a crocodile or a tree trunk. So the cow that was suggesting its a tree trunk took a stick and hit the object in the water, and also splashed water on it but it did not move.
The two buffalo attempted to identify the object in the water that floated before them. The far sided buffalo was adamant in his belief it was a crocodile, but the near side buffalo was equally confident in his assessment that it was a floating log. They further attempted to identify the object when the far side buffalo took a stick and poked it several times. The two remained unconvinced of the other's position. n 
There were two wilderbeest standing by a river. They looked at an object in the water. The first wilderbeest told his friend it's a crocodile. The friend insisted it was a log. The first one still said it was a crocodile and threw a rock at the object in the water. It then jumped onto the alleged crocodile's back to prove to his friend that it was really a crocoldile.
There were two bison standing by the edge of a lake, looking at something in the water. One of the bison was sure the object was a crocodile, while the other thought it was a log. To prove it the first bison threw a stone at it, tapped it with a stick and threw water on it, before actually standing on it
The two cows were still bickering as to whether the object in the water was an alligator or a wooden log. The first cow was still convinced that it was an alligator, so prodded it with a stick. The object did not make any movement, which reaffirmed cow number two's position that it is indeed a log. The first cow was still adamant, so splashed the object with water and then jumped on top of it, in the hope to get a reaction and thus prove it is in fact, an alligator. 
The two cows were continuing to debate whether the shape in the water was an alligator or a log. The cow insisting it was an alligator proceeded to throw a stone at the shape, then prod it with a stick, then splashes it with water. Then the cow jumps on to the shape in the water
The 2 buffalo continue to argue about whether the object in the water was a log or a crocodile. One of them throws a rock at the object, the other splashes it with water. the object remains still. One of the buffalo walk on top of the object to prove it's a log.
Two buffalos were by the water and saw something in it. They were moo'ing back and forth trying to figure out what it was. One thought it was a crocodile and the other thought it could be a log. In the end one of them jumps on it and settle that it is in fact a log.
Two cattle are standing by the water's edge. They have a disagreement, expressed in grunts and speech bubbles, about what an object in the water could be. The first cow thinks it is an alligator (a picture of an alligator is shown in a speech bubble), but the second thinks it is a log. The cows alternately poke a stick at the object in the water and splash it. The object doesn't move and they have a disagreement about what it could be. Then the first cow stands on the object and hops on it.
The cows want to test the waters to see if it is a log or an alligator. They poke it. After a moment, it seems to not move. So, one of the cows steps on it.
Two water buffalos were trying to decide if something in the water was a log or an alligator. The one buffalo kept saying it was a log, the other kept saying an alligator and was testing the thing in the water by throwing water on it, poking with a stick, before finally stepping on it. 
Two bison are standing by some water. There is a submerged object in the water. One bison thinks it's a crocodile, the other things it is a log. The first bison throws a rock, knocks it with a stick and then splashes water on it but there's no reaction. The first bison then stands on the object. 
The wildebeest saying there is an alligator continues to do so, whilst the other wildebeest continues to say it is a log. The doubting wildebeest proceeds to test whether the item is an alligator by first throwing a rock at it - the log alligator does not move. He then prods it with a stick, and still it does not move. He then splashes it with water, and still nothing. He then gets on the log alligator - now you are awake.
One of the large animals keeps saying its a crocodile in the water, and the other says its a log.  Over and over.  The one who is convinced its a crocodile prods the log, then jumps on it.
The two buffalo continue their argument on whether the object is an alligator or a log. The one on the left, prods it with a stick, and splashes it with water. There is no reaction. The buffalo then jumps onto the object.
One of the bison on the water bank thinks the shape in the water is an alligator and the other thinks it is a log and proceeds to throw a pebble at it. The shape does not move. The bison who thinks the shape is a log then pokes at it with a stick and it still does not move. Then it splashes it with water and it still does not move. The other bison still thinks the shape is an alligator. Finally the bison steps onto the shape.
The two bulls standing near the water are arguing amongst each other about what the thing in the water is. One thinks it's a crocodile alligator, the other thinks it's just a log. One of them decided to throw a pebble at the thing, to try and disturb it. It didn't move, so they think it's a log after all.
Two buffalo are arguing over whether they are looking at an aligator or a log in some water. One of the buffalo jumps on to the object. 
The one animal that kept telling the other animal that it was a crocodile while the other one said not it was a wood and then the one that said it was a crocodile jumped to prove that it was indeed a crocodile
One of the water buffalo?? thinks that the thing in a water is an alligator, the other thinks it's a log. The one that thinks it's an alligator is trying to prove that it is by poking it and eventually jumps on it.
The two buffalo's standing near the water's edge are fighting over whether the thing in the water is a log or a crocodile. The one closest is refusing that it is a crocodile, so to prove it the buffalo threw a rock and then poked it with a stick. Still nothing happened so it jump on top of it to prove that it will move and it is in fact a crocodile. 
two bulls by water are talking to each other via thought clouds above their head. images of one saying it's a log and another saying it's an alligator. nthe one that is saying it's an alligator is poking it with a stick after throwing a rock at it. then it even begins jumping on the log or alligator..
One of the buffalo grunts, trying to convince the other that it's a crocodile in the water; however, the other buffalo still believes it to be a log. The first buffalo then throws a small stone at the object in the water, but nothing happens and the second buffalo again makes a noise saying that it's a log. The first buffalo picks up a stick and pokes the object, but nothing happens. Finally, the first buffalo splashes some water over the object and then jumps on top of it.
The two bulls are debating on whether the mass in the water is a crocodile or a Log. The one on the left keeps splashing water at it and one of them just prodded it with a stick. It might be about to wake up!
The front wildebeest thought the object in the water was a crocodile, even though it didn't respond when it through a stone and a stick at it. The rear wildebeest thought the object was a log. The front wildebeest jumped onto the object and it still didn't respond.
The buffalo can't agree if the object in the water is a crocodile or a log. One of them throws a rock at it, then a stone and then jumps onto the object.
cow next to a lake they are not sure if there is a log or a crocodile  in the water 
The two cows still disagreed on whether the item in the water was a crocodile or log. The first cow starts poking at the item in the water and then jumped on the item to prove that it was a crocodile.
The left moose, convinced the thing in the water is a crocodile, threw a pebble at the thing. The thing didn't move, and the right moose said it must be a log. The left moose was angry and still convinced that the thing in the water is a crocodile, and poked it with a stick. It still didn't move. They kept arguing and then the left moose jumped on the thing. 
The cow on the left was still insisting that what the 2 cows were looking at was a crocodile. The cow on the right still thought it was a floating log. The cow on the left insisted it was a crocodile and threw a pebble at the unmoving object in the water. The cow on the right continued insisting it was a log. The cow on the left then took a stick and prodded the object in the water. The cow on the right still insisted it was a log. The cow on the left then leapt onto the floating object!
The buffalo continue their debate about what the thing in the water is. One of them poke the thing in the water with a stick. After this, the buffalo that poked the thing in the water jumps on top of it
The buffalo on the left said it was a crocodile, the left buffalo said its a log. The left buffalo wanted to prove it was a croc by poking it with a stick, splashing it with water, and then standing on it. The buffalo on the right continued to say it was a log. 
Two cartoon gnus are trying to cross some water.  There is an object floating in the water.  One gnu thinks this is a crocodile, the other thinks it is a log.  One gnu tries throwing a pebble and then pocking the object with a stick to find out what it is.  There is no reaction; their opinions don't change.  The same gnu then tries splashing the object with water, and when there is no reaction, jumps on it.
Two water buffalo are by a water hole. they see something in the water. One of the water buffalo thinks it is a crocodile and the other thinks it is a log. The water buffalo that thinks it is a crocodile throws a stone at it, but nothing happens so the other buffalo repeats that it is a log. The first buffalo then prods it with a stick, once again nothing happens. It then splashes water at it using its legs and finally jumps on it. The other buffalo still states thinks it is a log.
Two bulls are staring at something in the water. They are communicating with each other and one thinks it may be a submerged crocodile and the other thinks it may be a submerged log.nIt is important to know as it could cost them their lives.nOne bull finally steps on the object to see.
The 2 bison disagree about what they think is in the water. One thinks a log, the other a crocodile, he pokes the object and jumps on its back
~ the two animals are next to a lake or a river, and are debating whether the thing in the water is a crocodile or a log piece of tree - one of the animals then jumps onto the thing in the water to test it out.
The two animals are trying to figure out if the object in the water is a log or a crocodile. one of them tries to poke it with a stick, throw rocks at it and stand on it. Both animals continue to disagree
Two large horned animals are stood on the riverbank discussing an object in the water. One says it is a crocodile but the other says it is a log. One throws a stone at the object, then prods it with a stick and splashes water on it. When there is no reaction the animal jumps onto the object.
One of the wildebeests suggests to the other that the floating mass is a crocodile while the other insists it is a log of wood. To convince the other wildebeest that the floating mass is actually a crocodile, it throws a stone at it. There is no reaction observed from this action making the second wildebeest to assert again that it is a log of wood. The first one is still insistent and pokes the mass to prove it is a crocodile, again there is no reaction which makes the second wildebeest assert more confidently that the mass is a log of wood. To convince the second wildebeest, the first one splashes some water and jumps over the mass in water.  
The wildebeest that believes that the object is a crocodile threw a stone at it, to not reaction. Thereafter, the same wildebeest poked the object with a stick, still to no reaction. Finally, the wildebeest jumped on the object.
Two bison were at the waters edge and they were looking at something in the water that may have been a crocodile or just a piece of wood. The one bison was throwing stones and prodding it with a stick to see what it was then finally stood on the object
A hurd of cows are trying to cross the river but don't know if an object is a sleeping crocodile or a log, so one of the cows pokes it with a stick to see of it will move
The cow who thought the object was a log threw a stone at the object followed by a stick and then some water. It then stepped onto the object.
Two animals are on the edge of some water looking at something in the water. Thought bubbles appear relating to what the one of the left is thinking and it shows an image of a crocodile. The other thought bubble shows an image of a log. The animal then prods the thing in the water with a stick and splashes it with water. Then it steps onto the thing in the water.
It's a scene with two wildebeests standing at the edge of a body of water. There's a partially submerged object right in front of them. They're having a debate about whether the object is a crocodile or a log. One of the wildebeest pokes the object with a stick and then jumps on top of it.
Two wilderbeast were trying to work out if it was a log or a crocodile in the river
There are 2 water buffalo or wildebeast on the bank of a river or lake. They see something in the water that looks like a crocodile.  The first wildebeast throws a stone at it and there is no reaction the second wildebeast thinks it is a log, the first still thinks it is a crocodile so pokes it with a stick.  There is no reaction.  The second wildebeast still thinks it is a log but the first thinks it is a crocodile and jumps on it.  
The sheep that believed that the object in the water was a crocodile throws a pebble at the object, to see if it reacts, it does not. The other sheep therefore continues to insist that it's a log, while the first sheep still believes it's a crocodile. The same sheep then pokes it with a stick - still to no response, however he still believes it's a crocodile while the other believes it's a log. They then decide to walk on top of whatever it is - that is where we are up to now. 
The cows by the river wonder whether the item in the river is a crocodile or a log They pock it and as there is no movement they remain uncertain. Finally, one of the cows jumps on top of the object but it is still unclear what the object is. 
There are 2 wild buffalos stood on the bank of a river.nThey can both see an object in the water.n1 of the buffalo thinks its a crocodile and the other thinks its a log.nThe one that thinks its a crocodile pokes it with a stick, and then jumps on it.
two cows argue whether something in the water is a crocodile or a log. the cow that says its a crocodile is poking, it with a stick to prove if its actually a crocodile.
The 2 animals are wanting to cross the river. There is something in the river but they aren't sure if it's a crocodile or a log. 1 of the animals pokes and prods it and it doesn't move. He then jumps onto the object and it doesn't move. 
The two oxen continued to argue over what the floating object was, the one thinking it was an alligator threw a rock at it but it dont move, it them poked it with a stick, and it still didnt move, it then splashed it with water and kicked it, as it still did not move it stood on the floating object
The bulls are trying to decide if the object in the water is a log or a crocodile so they throw a stone at it and poke it with a stick but nothing happens. One of the bulls then steps onto the object.
Two bull are discussing wether something is the water is either a crocodile or a log. One bull demonstrates that by throwing a rock, then poking with a stick, then spashing the object and finally jumping on top of the object to prove that it is a crocodile. All the while the other bull is saying it's a log.
Two bison standing at the water's edge wonder if an object they see floating ahead is a log or an alligator. One bison throws a rock at the object to see if it moves. The object doesn't move. The bison tries again to poke the object, this time with a stick. The object still doesn't move. Growing brave, the bison jumps on top of the object from ashore. That's when you woke up. 
The two bulls are still arguing over whether they think the floating thing is a log or an alligator. The one who thinks it's an alligator pokes it with a stick, and then splashes it with water. It does not move. Finally, he jumps on it.
The two cows were still asking each other if it is a log or a crocodile. The one on the right throw a stone, splashed water and used a stick to poke the thing in the water. It went to the extent of jumping on top.
The animal to the right believed that the alligator in the water was a log. However, the second moose believed it was an alligator. It attempted to get the alligators attention by throwing a rock, then touching it with a twig and finally jumping on top of it.
Two bulls were standing on the river bank and they saw something floating in the river. one of them said its a crocodile but the other said its a piece of wood, then first bull who thought it was a crocodile threw a stone at it but there was no response, then bull hit it with his feet but still he got no response, the other cow kept thinking its a piece of wood, Finally the first bull who thinks its a crocodile jumps on it. 
Wilderbeasts are poking and throwing things at something they think is either a crocodile or a log.
one animal thinks its a crocodile,the other says it is a log .So the animal jumps onto it as its friend says it is a log
The animals were still debating on whether the object in the water was a crocodile or a log. One of them threw a stone at it, poked it with a stick, and then got on top of it, which is quite daring considering this is the animal that thinks it is a crocodile...
two buffalos are debating weather a log is in the water or if it is a aligator t eventually the hessitant buffalo stands on the floating log
One of the bulls stated that the object in water is in fact an aligator. He threw a rock at the object, then the other bull kept his thought that the object is a piecie of wood. The other bull poked the object with a stick, swinged some water on it and even stepped on the object to try and prove that it is an aligator.
There are two buffalo standing at the waters edge. There is something in the water in front of them. One buffalo says its a crocodile the other one says its a log. The baffalo who says its a crocodile tries prodding the thing in the water.
The buffalo who thought that the item in the river was a crocodile poked it with a stick. when nothing happened he decided to trust the other buffalo and jumped on the log crocodile.
The two antlered animals continued to debate whether it was a floating log or a crocodile. They splashed it, prodded it and threw stones at it and even hopped on and off of it. They still couldn't figure it out.
the two bison are deciding what is floating in the water. One decideds it is a log and the other a crocodile. They test the object with one of them touching it with stone stick and then jumping on it.
.It's too buffaloes thinking about crossing a body of water . One of the buffaloes thinks that an obstruction in the water is an alligator while the other insists that it's a log. Buffalo that insists it is an alligator keeps trying to prove to the other buffalo that it is indeed an alligator and starts poking at it and splashing it and finally jumps on its back.
2 animals wonder what's floating in the water one says it's a crocodile tries to probe it in all kinds of ways by throwing a stone touching it with a stick and finally stepinng on the object 
Two wildebeasts stand at the edge of a shore before a body of water. There is an object partly submerged but of a surface above the water the wildebeasts are debating whether it's a crocodile or a floating log. The wildebeast that thinks it's a crocodile first tosses a rock at the object to test its suspicion. Then, it pokes a tree branch at the object and finally kicks up water to splash on to the object. It decides to jump onto the surface, confirming to the other wildebeast it was indeed a log. 
There were 2 bison on the river bank trying to figure out what they were seeing in the water.  One thought it was an aligator and the other thought it was a piece of wood.   The bison tossed a rock at it, poked it with a stick and splashed water on it.  Then the first bison decided to step on it to see what happens.
There's two buffalo's that are trying to wake up a crocodile. One of the buffalo's starts to throw rocks at it, then pokes it with a stick and splashes water on it. When he sees that none of that works, he climbs on top of the crocodile.
Two bulls see an object in the water and are trying to figure out if it's an alligator or a log. One bull tries to figure it out, first by throwing a rock, then poking it with a stick. He then splashes water on it and steps onto it. The object never moves, but the bull trying to get a reaction is convinced it's an alligator while the other bull thinks it's a log.
Two cows are standing by the water. They see something in the lake. One says it is a crocodile, the other says it is a log. Eventually one jumps on to the object.
Two water buffalo were discussing whether an item in the water was a crocodile or a log. Each thought it was the other item. One buffalo threw sticks at the thing in the water. Eventually this same buffalo jumped on the thing in the water to find out if it was a crocodile.
There are two cows standing on a bank of a body of water.  They are both staring at a lump in the water.  The first cow thinks it's an alligator and the 2nd cow thinks it's a piece of wood.  They go back and forth until the first cow starts poking at the lump in the water.  Nothing happens so the first cow jumps on it.
the movie shows two cows by the river side, they see something in the river. one believes that that thing is a crocodile while the other cow believes it is a log of wood. the go back and forth with this and the cow who believes the thing to be a crocodile hits it with a piece of stick and steps on it.
Cow 1 insisted the object in the water was a crocodile. Cow 2 insisted the object was a log. Cow 1 jumps on the object in the water in order to finally see what the object is.
Two ox were at a watering hole. The couldn't decide if there was a log or a crocodile in the water. One ox throws a rock at it and pokes it with a stick. The ox jumps onto whatever it is.
The Elephants were by the river bank, thinking about how to cross over to dry land. The noticed an object in the river, one of them thought it was an alligator and another thought it was a log of wood. The one who thought it was a log wood grabbed a stick, poked the wood. The object moved slightly - but seemed very stable. He hopped on to top of the object, and low and behold it was it actually an alligator 
there are 2 cows by the edge of the lake, and there is something in the water, 1 cow thinks its a crocodile and the other disagrees saying its a log, so the one who thinks its a crocodile flicks water at it and prods it, as its not moving he jumps on it
To wildebeest are next to water. The one thinks that an object in the water is a crocodile while the other thinks it is a log. The one who thinks it is a crocodile throws a stone, pokes it with a stick and presses against it with its front hooves. 
The first oxen who believed that it was a crocodile threw a rock at it to test if it would move. It did not, so the oxen pocked it with a stick and it still did not move. Each time the first oxen does something the second oxen keep saying it is a log. Finally the first oxen who believes it is a crocodile steps on the item and it still hasn't moved.
There were these two buffalo near a lake, and they were debating whether the thing in the water was a log or an alligator. The Buffalo who assumed it was an alligator poked, prodded, and threw rocks on it. Nothing seemed to signify that it was an alligator so the Buffalo pushed on it until finally walking on top. 
Two land mammals are standing next to a body of water. They want to go into the water but fear what's in it. One animal thinks it's a crocodile and the other thinks it's a log. They try to disturb the thing in the water but it doesn't move. Then one animal jumps on top of it.
the two animals were debating what was in the water. one thought it was a log, the other thought it was an alligator. to one in front tossed rocks at it and poked it with a stick to check. then it jumped onto the object in the water. 
The buffalo went to the edge of the local lake to drink water. While at the edge they notice something peeking out of the water. They think about what it is, some thinking bubbles appeared to show that they were considering if it is wood or an allegator. They splash water and poke it to see if it moves and then seem to decide that it is wood. 
The two animals are trying to decide whether the floating thing is a log or an alligator. One of them is trying to convince the other that it's an alligator, and the other one thinks it's a log. First, he throws a rock at it, then he pokes it with a stick, and then finally he jumps on its back.
There are 2 cows and one of them thought a log in the water and the other one said it was an alligator. After prodding it for a bit it becomes clear that the object in the water is infact a log. 
The two cows keep arguing back and forth and the one on the left throws a rock, prods the object and eventually jumps onto it from the shore.
There are two bulls standing by thewater front, they're looking to go into the water but there is something by the edge of the water. They think it's a crocodile or a log. One of the bulls takes the risk and steps onto it thinking it's a log.
The buffalo disagree on if the thing in the water is a log or a crocodile. The buffalo on the left threw a rock at it. The buffalo on the right states that it's a log. The left buffalo disagrees and pokes the object with a stick. The buffalo once again disagree on what the object is. The left buffalo paws at the water in front of the object and then gets on top of it.
There are two cows stood by the edge of a body of water. In the water, they can see the top of an object. One cow thinks that the object is a log and the other thinks it is a crocodile alligator. They seem to continue disagreeing and in the end, one of the cows steps on top of it.
Two Moose are standing on top of a small mud hill. The two animals are in front of a river where there see the top of something floating. The animation shows a brain bubble appearing on top of each of their heads, showing to the viewers what each moose believes may be floating in the water. The moose on the left believes it may be a crocodile, while the moose on the right believes it may be a log of wood. They begin to poke it.
The buffalo that believes that the object in the water is a crocodile, tries to persuade his buffalo friend by throwing stones at it, then poking it with a stick and splashing it with water. When all these actions fail to make the object move, the buffalo jumps on to the mystery object
There are two animals on the water edge and they are looking at either an aligator or a log, but they don't know which it is! They go back and forth trying to decide which it is by poking a stick at it and throwing a rock at it but the thing in the water doesn't hardly move. Growing impatient. finally one of the animals jump on it to try to make it move!
The cows were trying to figure out if the object in the water was a crocodile or a log and to find out they used techniques to see if they could determine what it was ,resulting in one of the cow jumping on the object
There are two water buffalo and they are staring at something in the water. One says its a stick and the other says its an alligator. One is sure its an alligator and throws a rock, it doesn't move. They both say what they think it is again, the one that thinks its an alligator pokes it with a stick it still does nothing. They both repeat what they think it is, then the one that thinks its an alligator got on top of it.
The first wildebeest throws a stone at the log crocodile but nothing happens.  The two wildebeest disagree whether it is a log or a crocodile.  Then he pokes it with a stick but nothing happens.  The two wildebeest still disagree about whether its a log or crocodile.  Then he splashes it with water and jumps onto it.
One of the animals threw stones at the thing in the water, poked it with a branch and jumped on it.
The animals tried to decide if it was a croc of a branch, and one jumped onto it.
Two animals at the side of some water were not sure if something that was close to the land was a crocodile or just a log or something. One of the animals threw something at it to see if there was a reaction, they put a foot in it to see the same thing, then when there was no reaction one of the animals stepperd onto it. At this stage, we don't know what the object was.
The two bulls that were standing on the edge of a bank was looking at something in the water. One bull thought it was an alligator, the other bull shook his head no and  thought it was a log. The bull that thought is was an alligator threw a rock at it, the other bull still thought it was a log. Next the bull that thought it was an alligator picked up a stick and poked it. The other bull still said it was a log, while the other bull still said it was a alligator. Then the bull that thought it was an alligator brush some water on it with his foot and jumped on it.
The two animals are still arguing over whether or not the object in the water is a gator or a log. One gator throws a rock at it, taps it with a stick, splashes it then finally jumps on it.
The first ox said the thing in the water was a crocodile, but the second ox said it was a log. The first ox threw the thing with a stones to see if it will move, he then poked it with a stick and then finally splashed it with water. It turns out that the second ox was right, it is a log so the first ox stood on the log.
Two cows were looking at a brown lump in water, trying to figure out what  it was. One thought  it was a stick, one thought it was a crocodile. They threw stones at the lump. 
There are 2 cows on a hill. There is an object in the water. One cow thinks it is a log,  the other thinks it is a crocodile. One cow throws a stone and pokes it with a stick and then jumps on top of it
At the bank of the river there was two cow standing  and there was also a plank of wood floating on the water . meanwhile one of the cow believe the plank of wood might be crocodile. So he used wood to confim if is crocodile or wood . Seem is wood because it have jumped on it as u woke up 
The bison on the right thought the item in the water was a log. The bison on the left thought it was an alligator so it threw a rock at it. The item did not move. Again the bison on the right insisted it was a log. The bison on the left then poked it with a stick and still the object did not move. Trying to prove his point the bison on the left then jumped onto the floating object. 
The two cows are still disagreeing over if the mysterious object in the water is a log or a crocodile. One cow pokes it with a stick, it doesn't move. It then splashes it with water, again it doesn't move. Both are adamant they're right, so the same cow steps onto the object to see.
One of the animals thought the item in the water was an alligator or crocodile. The other thought it was a log. They threw something at it to see what it was. 
The two animals standing close to the river were staring at a lifeless object on the water that was close to them. One of the animal felt it was a log of wood while the other felt it was a crocodile. The animal that felt it was a log of wood splashed water on the lifeless object inside the water and when the object did not move, it used to stick to shake the object, with no response, it jumped on the objectin the river
There were two bovine creatures standing on the edge of the water, speculating on whether a mass in the water was a log or an alligator crocodile. This was expressed via moos and thought bubbles with pictures in them. The cow on the left thought it was an alligator, while the right cow thought it was a log. The left cow became irate, and tried to prove it was an alligator by poking it with a stick and splashing it with water. After getting no reaction, the left cow climbed on top of the mass.
two cows were arguing about an object in the river one said it was a crocodile the other said its a log of wood then one of the cow splashed water on the object, throw a stone at it, poked it with a stick and finally jumped on it
One gnu thinks the thing in the water is a log, whilst the other is sure it is a crocodile. One throws a rock at it, then prods it with a stick. The thing does not move or react. Then one gnu jumps up and down on the thing.
the two oxen are wondering what the thing in the water is and are trying to figure it out
2 cows were hanging out by a lake, watching the water, when they saw something floating. One cow thinks it's an alligator, and the other cow thinks it's just a log. They go back and forth, trying to determine what it actually is. Then they start poking it, but it's not moving and staying still.
The two buffalos are arguing if the shape in the water is a log or an alligator. The one that believes it,s a log tried to prove its point by throwing a rock at it, poking it with a stick, splashing water on it and ends up jumping on it. This does not convince the buffalo that believes it's an alligator.
There are two buffalo standing on the shore and an object in the water. One is convinced it is a crocodile, while the other thinks it is a log. The former pokes it with a stick, splashes water on it and then steps onto its back.
Two water buffalo are disputing, from the waterside, what a large object in the water is. One Buffalo is stating that it thinks the object is a crocodile alligator whilst the other believes it is a log. The buffalo who believes it is an animal tries to disturb it by splashing it, throwing a stone at it, poking it with a stick and finally standing on it.
The two animals standing on the edge of the water are debating whether or not the object floating in the water is a log or an allegator. One animal test the object by throwing a rock at it, and then poking it with a stick. Finally, it jumps onto the object.
Two cows standing next to a water area. In the water there is an object that one cow thinks it's crocodile while the other cow thinks it's a piece of wood. The crocodile believer tried to prove its point by throwing rock, throwing stick, pouring water on the object. However , the object did not move after all these efforts. The crocodile believer cow eventually jumped on the object to try to prove its point.
The scene starts with two animals arguing over something floating in the water in front of them. One thinks it's an alligator and the other thinks it's a log. They go back and forth for a moment with one of them poking and splashing the object and finally one of them jumps onto the object proving that it is indeed a log.
The cows were still unsure about the object in the water. One of the cows threw a stone at the object then prodded it with a stick. It still did not move. The cow spalshed the object with water and then jumped onto the object.
The two animals were arguing about whether the thing in the water was a log or crocodile. So in order to try and prove they were right one of the animals threw a stone, a stick and eventually jumped on the object to deduce whether it was a log or crocodile.
The 2 wildebeest were still arguing over whether the object was a log or a crocodile. The one who thought it was a crocodile threw a stone at it, The object did not move.  He then poked it with a stick. It still did not move. He then jumped on the back of the object.
The one on the left threw a rock at the thing in the water. The one on the right said log and the left one said alligator. The left one grabbed a stick and poked it and the right one said log and the left one said alligator. The left one then splashed it and then placed the two front legs on it first before stepping on the thing.
The two moose on side of the river continued to wonder what was in the water. One thought it was just a log in the water but the other thought it was crocodile and to prove this starting throwing a rock and poking the floating object in the water. After the object in water did not move the moose enters the water and  climbs on top the object. 
three cows stood over a body of water and could not figure out what the mysterious object was floating in the water. one cow thought it was a log and the other thought it was an alligator. one of the cows then threw a rock at the object and then prodded it with a stick before jumping on top of it. there was no movement from the object, but it was not confirmed what it was.
Two animals are at a watering hole when they see something in the water. One is convinced it is an alligator, the other thinks it is a log. One of the animals throws a rock at the thing in the water. It doesn't move. The animal then pokes it with a stick. It still doesn't move. The two animals continue to argue of what is sin the water. One of the animals jumps on the thing in the water.
The beasts are stood on the bank and two are deciding if the item in the water is a log or a crocodile. They disagree so one beast tries to check by throwing a stone, splashing with water, prodding with stick and jumping on the back of log crocodile
One of the animals threw a stone at the object, poked it with a stick and also splashed water on it, eventually the animal climbed the unknown object
the two buffalo was unsure if there was a crocadile or a log in the water so theycould cross,one thoughtit was a log the other a croc,one of them prodded the item with a stick and jumped on it
Two cows are arguing about what is floating in the water. One says aligator the othe says log.
There were two wildebeest standing at the edge of a river. There is something floating just in front of them. Using speech bubbles they discuss whether it's a log or a crocodile. The one that thinks its a crocodile throws a pebble. The thing doesn't react. His friend insists it's a log, so the first wildebeest pokes it with a stick and there is no reaction. When his friend says it's a log he splashes water at it and when that doesn't work he jumps on top of it.
Two bulls are arguing whether the floating object in the water is a crocodile or a log. The one who believes it's a crocodile keeps trying to provoke the croc by throwing rocks, poking it with a stick etc, to which there's no reaction. The cow then leaps onto the floating object, presumably to prove it's a crocodile.
Two buffalo were standing next to a body of water in which something was in the water which resembled a log or alligator underwater. The two buffalo are discussing which it is by showing images of either a log or alligator. One buffalo proceeds to prod at the thing in the water and then in the end stands on it trying to work out what it might be. 
Two Wildebeasts were arguing about whether an object was a log or a crocadile. They stuck it with a stick and through rocks at it and it remained stiff. Finally, they even splashed it with water. It remained still even then.
The two were arguing about whether what was in the water was a log or a crocodile. The first character threw a stone yet the object in the water was not responsive. The argument continues and the first character throws a stick at the object in the water, again there is no response and the argument continues. The same character again splashed water at the object in the water still no response and the character jumped on the object in the water.
The cow who thinks it's an alligator takes a stick and pokes the object and nothing happens, and once again they disagree, alligator versus log. The cow who thinks it's an alligator then decides to step onto the object in the river.
The bull who thought the object was a crocodile kept poking it. The other bull kept saying that it was a log. They continued to disagree and the first bull ultimately leapt on the object, which did nothing.
The 2 animals are on the ledge of the body of water continuing to debate whether an object in the water is a log or a crocodile.  One has tried splashing the object with water, one with throwing a rock at it, and another withe jumping on top of it to try and prove the point that its a stationary log since it looks like one as of now, and hasn't moved on its own.
two buffalo are arguing over what something is in the ater.  One thinks log the other thinks alligator.  The aligator one proceeds to throw a rock then stick at it and jumps on its back.
There are two cows by a lake, discussing what the strange floating object is. One cow thinks it's a crocodile the other thinks it's a log. the cow test what the object is by throwing stones, poking it with the stick and even standing on top of it to see the response.
There are a bunch of wildebeest at a water crossing. There is an object in the water that they are trying to figure out if its a crocodile. They throw sticks at it and keep debating until a wildebeest jumps on the object.  
The first Bison once again says that the weird looking rock is a crocodile. The second bison once again says that it is a piece of wood. The first bison looking a bit annoyed says that it is a crocodile and picks up a stone. The first bison throws the rock at the weird looking rock. The rock does nothing. The second bison says that it is a piece of wood. The first bison once again looks annoyed and says its a crocodile before picking up a stick and poking the weird rock. The second bison once again says it is a piece of wood. The first bison looking annoyed says its a crocodile once again and starts to climb onto the weird looking rock. The first bison starts pushing down on the strange rock to get a reaction.
The two bsion continued their argument about whether the object in the water was a rock or crocodile. The bison that thought it was a crocodile at first threw a rock at the object and then poked it with a stick before finally jumping on to the object in the water.
the one that it was a crocodile threw a stone to hit but there was no reaction and the used a stick still no reaction so it jumped on it 
There are two buffalou2019s standing by the wateru2019s edge. There is a mysterious floating object in the water. The two buffalo are arguing about whether the floating object is actually a crocodile or a tree log. One of the buffalo, take a stick and poke it, to which the object has no reaction too, making the other buffalo think he is correct in thinking it is just a log. The other buffalo begins to splash the object in the water, and again it has no reaction, but he insists itu2019s a crocodile. The buffalo who thinks itu2019s a crocodile jumps on top of the floating object. 
The two bulls are disagreeing over what they see in the lake. The left bull thinks its a crocodile, while the right bull thinks its a log. To figure out what it really is, the left bull throws a rock and the artefact in the lake - it doesn't move. The right bull continues to say its log, to which the left bull disagrees again. So, he poked it with a stick - again it didn't move. This led to this arguing over what it is. Then, the left bull that had thrown the rock and prodded it, jumped on top of it.
the two buffalo are still arguing about if it's a crocodile or log. The one that thinks crocodile throws a rock at it and pokes it with a stick but the other one still thinks log. Then the one who thinks crocodile splashes it before climbing on top
Two bison are trying to cross a river.  They see a brown and green thing floating in the river.  One thinks it is a crocodile and the other things it is a log.  The buffalo who thinks it is a crocodile throws a stone at it and then pokes it with a stick and the blog doesn't move.  The bison then jumps on the log.
Two water buffalo are debating whether something in the water is an alligator or a log. One starts poking the thing and putting his weight on it.
There were two cows standing near a lake. In the lake there was something floating. One cow thought it was a crocodile, the other one thought it was a log. The first cow poked it with a stick, it didn't move, the second cow, said look it was a log. Then the first cow splashed water over it. It still didn't move. The second cow said, it was a log.
one of the cows thinks the object in the river is a log but the other thinks its a crocodile. the cow who thinks its a croc throws a stone at the log. it then pokes it with a stick and splashes water on the object. the other cow still thinks its a log. the cow then jumps on the object.
Two buffalo were stood by the egde of a lake looking at an object submerged but slightly sticking out of the water. One of the buffalo thought the object was an alligator crocodile, the other thought it was just a log. The buffalo that thought it was an alligator crocodile threw a rock at it, nothing happened, so he poked it with a stick, nothing happened. Eventually he put two feet on the object and jumped up and down on it.
The two wilderbeast continue their discussion on whether the object is a log or an alligator. The one who is convinced it is an alligator throws a stone at it, prods it with a stick and splashes water over it. The object does not move. The wilderbeast then jumps onto the object.
The two bulls are discussing whether an item in the water is an alligator or a log. The bull on the right still thinks it is a log. The bull on the left is adamant it's an alligator. The bull on the left prods the object with a stick. This prompts the right bull to stick with his claim that it's a log. The left bull then stands on the object. 
Two cows are at a lake and are looking at a brown thing sticking out of the water. One cow is adamant that it is a gator, the other believes it is just a log sticking out of the water. The cow that thinks it is a gator pokes it, splashes it, and eventually jumps on it, trying to prove to the other cow that it really is a gator and not a log.
The moose who thought the thing in the water was a crocodile was trying to convince the other moose that it wasnt a log, First he threw a stone at it, then poked it with a stick, then he splashed water over it and finally jumped on to it. But the 'thing' didnt move.
The two animals couldn't tell if a log or crocodile was in the water. They decided to poke it with a stick and then one animal jumped across on to it.
Two wildebeests were standing at the water's edge trying to determine whether or not an object in the water was a log or a crocodile. They tossed rocks at it and poked it with a stick before one of them finally climbed on top of it. 
The 2 buffalo at the water didn't know if what was in the water was a crocodile or a log. One threw stones at it and poked it with a stick and it didn't move, so he stepped onto it.  
The buffal on the right thinks that the lump in the water is a log but the one on the left thinks that it is a crocodile so he threw a rock at it but nothing happened so then he poked it with a stick and still nothing happened so then he decided to jump onto the lump.
There are two bulls at the river bank, and they saw something in the water ,one said it was a crocodile while the other said it was a wood and the an argument began and one of the bull throw a Stone to check if it was a crocodile or a wood and then jumped on the it .
There are two wildebeest type animals at the water's edge, there is an object in the water in front of them. They are grunting at each other as one is convinced the object is a log and one is convinced it is an Alligator. 
one of the bulls signals to the other bull that what is in front of them is a crocodile. The other bull disagrees signalling that it is not  a crocodile but a log. The bull which thinks it is a crocodile then throws a stone at the item in front of them believing that it is a crocodile while the other one still believes it is a log. The bull then resorts to stepping on the item to confirm that it really is a crocodile not a log.
The one buffalo maintained that the thing in the water was a crocodile while the other kept insisting that it was a log in the water. The buffalo that believed it was a crocodile threw and rocks at the object but nothing happened. The buffalo poked it with a stick but the object still didn't move. That buffalo was still convinced that it was a crocodile and decided to splash it with some water before jumping onto it.
one of the characters argued the object in the water was a crocodile and not a log of wood, and the character climbs on it to confirm.
There were two wilderbeast standing by a pool of water and it seemed like they wanted a drink.Near the wateredge edge there was an object sticking out above the water and the wilderbeast were in two mind as to whether it was a log or an alligator.The one who thought it was a log prodded the object with a stick and the object did not move.Still the other animal was cautious thinking it was an alligator so the one who prdded it with a stick jumped onto the object to reassure the other one.
The two bulls were still arguing about whether the item in the water was a log or a crocodile. One threw a rock at it to prove it was a log, the other remained unconvinced.
the bull first threw a small rock at the crocodile, but it didnt move. then pocked it with a stick but it still didnt move. the bull then spashed it and it didnt do anything. then the bull stood on the crocodiile.
Two buffalo were standing at the side of a water's edge having a conversation. They were unsure whether what stood in front of them was a crocodile or just a  log. One buffalo threw a stone at the object to see if it moved. It did not, he then used a stick to prod it, and failing no movement, he jumped on the log crocodile. 
The two bulls(?) continued to argue about whether the unidentified object in the water was a crocodile or a wooden log. The bull who thinks it is a crocodile throws a stone at it, the other bull reinforces that it is a log when nothing happens. The first bull then pokes it with a stick and when nothing happens, bull #2 again states they think it is a log. The first bull splashes water on the object, the second bull reiterates. Finally, the first bull (who thinks it is a crocodile) climbs aboard the object. 
the wildebeest keep arguing about whether the shape in the water is a crocodile or a log, the first animal tries to convince the other by first throwing a rock at it, then poking it with a stick and eventually stepping on it.
The two Buffalos kept arguing if  what's in the water is a crocodile or a log of wood, The Buffalo on the left insists it's a crocodile and then jumps on it.
Two cows arguing whether the object in the water either an alligator or a log, the one closest to the water throws a rock at the object and it did not move but still firmly believe it is an alligator while the other cow still believes it is a log. Then the closest cow grabs a branch and pokes at the object while arguing that it is an alligator, the other cow says it is a log. Then the same cow that believes it is an alligator jumps on top of the object.
The two buffaloes keep bickering whether the floating thing in the water is a croc or a log, after throwing a stone at it and poking it with a log, the one that thinks its a crocodile decides to splash water on it and jump on it
one of the bulls had a thought that the object both saw inside the water could be a wood, so he threw a stone on it to confirm. when the object did not move, he also threw a piece of stick and then splashed the object with water.n
The two buffalos are on the side of a lake talking in buffalo. They are discussing what they think is in the water. The far sided buffalo thinks its a crocodile while the closest buffalo believes it to be a log. To see what it is the far side buffalo throws a stone at the unidentifiable object, then he splashes water, the buffalos discuss again and not able to come to a decision, the far side buffalo decides to jump on the object. He not only jumps on it but stomps on it. 
Two cows are trying to work out whether what is in the water is a log or a crocodile. they prod it with their feet and then one steps onto it.  It is a crocodile and jumps up and eats the cow
two cows are trying to work out if it is a crocodile or a log in the water
The two wilder beast are unsure whether the 'lump' in the water is a log or an alligator. Throwing a rock on it and poking it with a stick gather no response, neither does splashing it with water. Therefore, one of the wilder beast then jumps on the 'lump' in the water.
There are two animals seeing something protruding from the water. One thinks it's a crocodile, the other thinks it's a log. They argue back and forth on this while the one who thinks it's a croc hits it with a stick and nothing happens. They still insist on their original choices and then the one who hit it with a stick jumps on top of it.
Two bulls continue to argue over whether the object in the river is an alligator or a large piece of wood. The bull that thinks the object is an alligator gets frustrated at the argument hops on the object that is in the river.
they are trying to see what it is. one decides to use a stick to poke it and see if it moves, it doesn't, then it jumps on it
The two water Buffalo are still arguing about whether the thing in the water is a crocodile or a log. The water Buffalo on the left throws a rock at the form in the water and it doesn't move and the water buffalo on the right says see that is a lock. The water Buffalo on the left then pokes the form with a stick and nothing happens. Buffalo on the right states again that it is a log. The water buffalo on the left just walked onto the form.
The two wildebeests continued to disagree about whether the thing in the water was a crocodile or a log. One of them tried to prove it was a crocodile by provoking it to move by throwing a stone at it. When this didn't produce any reaction, it tried prodding the thing with a stick. Next, it tried jumping onto the thing in the water.
The 2 bulls  can't decide if the the floating object in the water is a log or a crocodile. One of them hits it with a rock, the a stick, then its foot, and becomes convinced that it is a log.
the two bulls are still arguing over what the object is. they have thrown a rock at it and poked it with a stick to try and decide, one of the bulls has just jumped ontop of the object. 
The two cows are arguing over whether what they can see in the river is a crocodile or a log. The cow who thinks it is an crocodile throws a stone at it, which has no effect. He then picks up a stick and prods it, which has no effect. He finally splashes it with water and stands on top of it, adamant that it is a crocodile. The other cow continues to insist it is a log.
One of the buffalos throws a rock at the crocodile log. They're still arguing and start splashing on it. One of them then jumps on top of the object. 
The two yaks disagreed over whether it was a log or a crocodile. The crocodile-voting yak poked it and jumped on top of  it.
the two buffalo are still arguing over whether it is a crocodile or a log so one pokes it with a stick and, when it doesn't move, jumps on top of it
The wildebeest prodded the thing  he thought was a log it with a stick and it didn't move so he decided to jump on it. His friend looked on scared.
Two buffalo are trying to decide if the object in the river which they wish to cross is a log or a crocodile. The lead Buffalo insists it is a crocodile and initially throws a rock at the lump in the water. The second buffalo insists it is a log. The first one then splashes it with water, then pokes it with a stick and finally jumps on to it. The second buffalo is insistent that it is a log.
The two water buffalo were still trying to decide whether the object in the water was a log or an alligator. One decides to poke it with a stick and when it doesn't move, decides to leap over to the object and stand on it, jumping up and down. 
The two bulls were arguing as to whether the rock shaped object in the lake was a crocodile or a log.. The other bull was adamant that it was still a log. The one who was adamant it was a crocodile, poked it with a stick, splashed it with water and jumped onto it's back.
There are two animals wanting to cross a river. One of the animals thinks it is a crocodile, the other animal thinks it is a log. The animal who thinks it is a crocodile prods it and splashes water but gets no response, it then stands on the mystery object
2 wilderbeest are debating whether something floating in the water is a log or a crocodile. One pokes it with a stick, splashes water on it and finally stands on it.
The buffallo who thinks it's a crocodile strew a stone at it, poked it with a stick then jumped on it in an attempt to convince his friend it isn't just a log. 
The two buffalos wanted to know if the martial in the river is a crocodile or a fallen tree they can use to cross the river. so the buffalo on the left said it a crocodile and the buffalo on the right said it a log tree in the river so the buffalo on the left decided to test it by splashing the water on the material in the river to see if it will move or not. The buffalo on the left did and the material in the river didn't move so it decided to stand on it for more clarity. Now we are about to find out if it is indeed a crocodile or a log tree 
The first moose that thought that the item in the watr was a crocodile started throwing things at the item, a stone, and a stick, still trying to argue it's point that it was a crocodile and not a log as the 2nd moose thought. Ultimately, the 1st moose started splashing the item and then jumped onto it. As there was no reaction from the 'item' it seems that it was proven to be a log as the 2nd croc had postulated.
Two cows were trying to see if there was a crocodile or a log. Then one cow got on to test it.
There were two bulls standing at the lake. They were in conflict about what they were seeing in the water. One bull thought it was a log and the other thought it was an alligator. One bull poked it with a stick and then proceeded to splash water on it and finally jumped on the object.
The bulls continued to argue whether the object was an alligator or a log. The one who thought it was a log did different things to prove it's point, like throw a rock at it, splash water at it, poke it with a stick and stand on it. Nothing it did proved it's point yet, but it looked skeptical when it stood on the object. Almost like it was considering changing it's opinion to the object being a log. However it continued to maintain that it was an alligator. 
The cow on the left throw a stone to make sure that it is a crocodile. But the other cow still not believe if it was a crocodile. After that the cow on the left jumped on to the thing to prove it was a crocodile
There are two cows at the edge of the water. They see a bump in the water. one thinks it is an alligator or crocodile, while the other thinks it is a log. They try skipping a rock against it and tapping it with a stick. Nothing happens. Finally, one  of the cows jumps onto the bump in the water.
Two water buffalo are arguing over what is floating in the water. One thinks it is an alligator and the other thinks it is a log. The one that thinks its an alligator begins throwing rocks, poking and splashing water on the object to prove his point. Finally he climbs on top of the object.
The two animals were debating whether they are about to cross a log or crocodile in the water. The first animal throws a stone to see if there is any movement. Followed by poking with a stick and splashing water. It than jumps on the log crocodile.
There are two water buffalos stood by the lake looking at an object in the water. They are arguing with each other over whether the object is a crocodile or a log. The buffalo which is arguing that it is a crocodile then begins to throw things at it to try and prove that it is a crocodile. First it throws a stone, then it prods it with a stick. It then splashes it with water. The scene ends by the buffalo who was arguing that it was a crocodile jumping onto the object. 
The two bull are standing by the water deciding whether the object in the water is a log or a crocodile one of the bulls taps the object with a stick. Then stands on the object in the water and nothing happens. 
Two water buffalo are at the edge of a body of water looking at something which could either be a crocodile or a piece of wood. One throws a stone at the thing and thinks it is a crocodile. The other pokes it with a stick and thinks that it is a piece of wood. One of the water buffalo then jumps on to the thing in the water.
The two main characters were thinking about the nature of an object in front of them, whether it was a log or a crocodile. One of the characters then prodded the object with a stick to see if it was alive.
The buffalo is not sure if the item in the water is a log or crocodile and tests the water to see if it is safe to use the item to cross the river.
The cows are debating whether or not an object in the water is a log or a crocodile. They are poking and prodding it trying to make it move.
The two animated cows were standing by the waters edge and they saw a long, lumpy spiny protrusion floating somewhat above the water near them. A dialogue bubble popped up over one cow's head (so they are communicating but in cow language as they moo back and forth) and the one cow's dialogue bubble shows a picture of a log, because that cow thinks the floating object is a log. The other cow has a dialogue box appear that shows a picture of an alligator, because it thinks the object looks more like an alligator partially floating in the water. That cow throws a rock at the object, which bounces off once it hits. Nothing happens. They each communicate the same interaction as before, and this time the rock-throwing cow picks up a long stick and pokes the object more directly. Still, nothing happens. The cows appear to begin to feel more confident at this point and the rock-throwing, stick-poking cow boldly decides to lean forward and put his leg on the object, then steps out onto the object in the water.
The two bison were arguing if it was a crocodile or a log. The one who thought it was a croc, threw a rock at it and poked it with a stick, whilst the other one kept saying it was a log. The one who thought it was the croc then jumped on top of it. 
The two cows continue to discuss what the object in the water is.  The one who thinks it's an alligator pokes the object with a stick and splashes water on it to see if it will move, but it doesn't move.  He is still positive that it is an alligator, while the other cow is still positive that it is a log.
