Bob pulls out a handkerchief and starts to show bus stop guy a trick. The woman runs over to the trunk of the car and starts trying to force it open. There is a closeup of the handkerchief and it has a little coffin in it. Bob starts saying this weird poem in a weird voice and opens the little coffin. It has a little skeleton of something (maybe a bird ) in it. Bus stop guys looks like he's going to pass out or maybe is getting hypnotised. The woman finally gets the trunk open and looks horrifired.
The magician goes up to the bus stop man and  starts to show him a trick with a handkerchief. Meanwhile the woman goes up to the car in distress and is trying to open the trunk. The camera pans back to the magician who produces a small box with a cross on the front out of the handkerchief. He is reciting a poem or prayer or spell whilst he opens the box in front of the bus stop man. Inside is the skeleton of what looks like a small bird. The sun is beating down heavily and the bus stop man is sweating more and more and appears to be being hypnotised by the magician as he recites his spell.
Only to find out the guy knew the person she called , it was a magician and the lady was her assistant. The assistant pointed a gun on the magician and asked where is she but the magician did not answer and as the assistant shot in air the magician performed his magic and had a gun in his hand. The assistant heard sound from the boot of the magician's car and went to the car. As the guy from the bus stop was about to leave the magician stopped him and performed a magic on him, some sort of hipnotising him.
A dog starts crying from the car, and the woman rushes over to see if she can get it.  The magician says he wants to show the guy something, and pulls a handkerchief from his pocket.  Inside there's a small box with a cross on it, and when he opens it there's a small animal skeleton inside.  He is chanting something.  The woman gets the car trunk open, and seems to be shocked or horrified with what she sees.
the man in the white shirt and tie is talking to then younger man with the white headset on and seems to show him some sort of dead animal in a small coffin box with a cross on top. Then the clip shows a close up of the man in the white shirt staring towards the screen. After this part it goes back to the women who is attempting to open the car boot under the bridge who when opens the boot of the car looks horrified to what she find inside but it does now show what is inside the car boot 
The magician rushes forward to close off the path of the bus-stop man and attempts to negotiate a pause to his retreat. Meanwhile, the woman has ran over to the car and positions herself at the rear side, near the trunk. She pops the latch and the sight of whatever object is within seems to change her emotional state. Her reaction indicates some sort of regret or further sadness from the discovery. Meanwhile, the magician has pulled an object from his pocket, seemingly to offer as a gift to the bus-stop man. The object, initially wrapped in a white cloth, is unwrapped to reveal a mini black coffin, and within is some kind of crumbled object, possibly a small animal skeleton. Just as he began to reveal the object, the magician began to speak some kind of a chant. The tone of the audio had  a sudden change. His voice began to get deeper and the tempo of the music increased. 
oh man it got freaky, the innocent guy started to walk away and the other one stopped him, as the girl runs to the trunk and opens it to be saddened by what she sees throwing her hands up to her face, the evil guy is putting the other in a trance he pulled out some weird box with a cross on it and is speaking some weird stuff.
The sweaty guy started walking away when the great magician stopped him, claiming he had something to show him. He pulled out a tiny coffin wrapped in a patterned scarf, with a gold cross on it. The lady had run to the back of his car and was trying to open the trunk. The magician started some reciting some incantation, getting louder by the minute. The sweaty guy was getting nervous, and the magician opened the coffin to reveal the skeleton of a small animal, perhaps a rat or shrew. The lady suddenly managed to get the trunk open. 
the magician man wants to show the other man something which turns out to be miniture coffin with a small skull in it. He chants some weird spell like words while the woman opens the boot of the car and reels back in shock at what she sees
The man from the car starts doing a spell on the man from the bus stop, as the woman frantically tries to open the car trunk, she finds something very scary
The car driver starts performing a very dark magic trick on the man with a very deep voice. He shows the man a small object with a cross in that contains a small skeleton. It is like hypnosis. At the same time, the woman is trying to get into the boot of the car. She opens the boot and is shocked.
The  man turns out to be a magician and started performing a trick
The magician pleads for the man to stop as he wants to show a magic trick. As the magician is reciting some foreign language and unwrapping a miniature coffin with some warped piece of wood inside it. The women makes her way to the trunk of the man's car and proceeds to open it. Much to her horror she looks inside it. 
The magician tells the guy he has something to show him and opens a small box with what looks like a bird skeleton in it and the starts speaking what seems to be a poem which seems to hypnotise the guy.Meanwhile the woman has ran towards the car and opened the boot
This is a very dark movie so she post a gun on him and he pose a gun on her and then she goes to find something in the trunk of his car and the guy tries to distract the bus stop dude and starts showing him magic and speaking in a cult words. I don't really appreciate the language.
when the woman approaches the car suddenly the kidnapper approaches the man waiting for the bus and asks if he knows who the man is after a while i realize that hi is a famous magican and the woaman is his sister who pulls out the gun and aims at the magican eventually she shot in the sky and hears crying baby in the car so she qucikly aproaches the car and the magican shows the man tricks 
The man says he has something to show the guy in the red shirt, he pulls out a cloth from his pocket that is covering a small coffin with animal bones in it. He starts reciting a spell of sorts. The guy in the red shirt seems to be under the influence of the spell and almost trance like. It goes over to the woman who has gone to the car and has opened the boot, she seems distressed and it pans up to the sun
The guy from the car accosts the man from the bus stop as he is trying to flee the scene and says he has to show him something. The woman is searching through the boot of the car while the man from the car is saying some sort of magic spell and showing the bus guy a mini coffin with the carcass of an animal insde. The bus guy is confused and just wants to get out of there. 
Bob is a magician! Now the other guy recognizes Bob and the crazy lady is his assistant in a magic show. The lady over hears a baby crying from Bob's car and it gets her attention and she starts going over to the car after pulling a gun on Bob and firing a shot in the air. Bob has a trick of his own and magically pulls out a gun into his hand also. The lady goes over to the car and goes to the back of the car and opens the trunk while Bob does another magic trick to the other guy and pulls out a cloth with a small black coffin with a cross on it. Bob opens the the box while performing some hypnotizing chant on the other guy. In the box is a small skeleton of a small animal or something. The other guy starts becoming hypnotized while Bob carries on the chant. The lady opens the trunk in the back of the car where she heard the crying coming from and she is horrified! Bob is still hypnotizing the guy and his chant is evil and he looks and sounds evil like the devil! THIS MOVIE IS CRAZY. 
The man from the car shows the sweaty man something that appears to be a really tiny skeleton in a small casket. He is growing visibly uncomfortable. There is a sound of crying from the trunk of the vehicle and the woman goes to pry it open. She appears to get it open and we don't see what's inside but the woman becomes very visibly distraught. 
The magician opens his handkerchief and show the man from the bus stop a small model coffin with a cross on it. Whilst repeating some sort of incantation he opens the coffin and displays what appears to be the skeleton of a small bird or animal of some sort. Meanwhile the woman is investigating the noise coming from the car
A man in a magician like suit stopped a man in a red shirt and started to show him a white and black scarf which had a box inside. The box had a cross sign on it. The magician man started to chant spell like words at the other man. Meanwhile, a frantic like woman ran to a car by the road and open the trunk. The sun is so bright and hot. Everyone is sweating. The woman saw something that startled her.
The magician says he has something to show to the man and from a handerchief he reveals a small coffin with an animal skelton inside. He speaks a magical spell and starts to hypnotise the man. Meanwhile the woman opens the boot of the magician's car and screams in terror at what she sees.
well it turns out the guys some kind of magician,anyway she pulled a gun out on him and he pulled one her,shes keeps askingwhere is she.and the magic guy is doing some voodoo shit on the poor guy who was at the bustop
The man who's a magician says to the bus guy, I've got something to show you. There is a small coffin box with a cross on it, and he opens the box and there is some bird skeleton or maybe it's a chicken skeleton in the coffin box, and he starts doing a weird chant and the bus guy is becoming hypnotized by the magician. Meanwhile, the magician's car starts moving towards them, and the magician's assistant goes to the car and pops the truck, and then stares in horror at whatever is in the truck.
Bob pulls out of his pocket what appears to be a small handkerchief. Chevon runs towards the car after hearing baby noises. Bob starts chanting a magical spell as he unravels the handkerchief. Chevon starts trying to open the boot of the car. Bob continues to chant as he unravels a small casket in his hands. He starts to open it and the man from the bus stop looks like he is in a daze. Chevon continues to try to open the car. Bob opens the casket and inside is what looks like a dead mouse. Chevon opens the boot of the car and starts to panic and hold her head with her hands. She is pacing around the boot. The man from the bus stop is starting to sway, goo looks like its now coming from his nose. 
As the assistant walks towards the car, the magician offers to show the bus stop man (who was trying to walk off) something to try and stop him from walking off. The woman opens the boot of the car, whilst the magician opens a small box which is shaped like a coffin. The magician starts to chant and his voice gets deeper and deeper, there is an object in the box and clearly something in the boot of the car as the assistant has a look of horror on her face as she gazes at the object within. 
The scene starts off with the man in red walking away from the other two hes picking up pace and doesnt want to get involved having seen the guns that both seem to have. The Magician Aldina man with black hair starts to chase after the man, its a jog, and cachtes up with him in a short space of time. In the meantime the woman is running towards the car, we can hear a dog cry out, and she gets to the boot of the car and tries to open it. The scene then cuts to the magician who is holding a small black coffin, with a white cross. He says to the man wearing a red t shirt, do you want to see a trick. Without even answer the man begins to chant phrases and words maybe a monologue, and places one hand on top what looks like the lid of the coffin. The scene then cuts to the women who is frantically trying to open the boot and then back to the magician who is still chanting, he carefully removes the lid of the coffin, and inside of the coffin lies the skelton of a little bird, it rests on red velvet. The man continues with his chant, and the camera then cuts to the women who fianlly opens up the trunk of the car.
the magician said he wanted to show something to the man, he brought out a coffin shaped item with a dead animal inside of it, it seems as if he is casting a spell on him. the woman has gone to the car to try and find who she is looking for, shes just opened up the back of it and is distressed by what she has found
the woman walks to the car. The magician starts to perform a trick for the man in the red t shirt. He has a little coffin in a scarf. Inside the coffin is an animal or bird skeleton. The woman opens the boot of the car, she is shocked at what she sees and raises her hands to her face 
The magician goes toward the other man and pulls out a cloth that has a mini coffin wrapped inside. He opens the mini coffin and it looks like a mini skeleton inside. He begins chanting a spell to the other man. The woman is at the trunk of the car trying to open it as the sun shines brightly. She gets the trunk open and looks in disbelief at what she is seeing
