a car screeched up to the phone box across the street. a lady got out tried the phone box but it didn't work so approched the man at the bus stop
There is a man carrying an ice cream tub in a plastic bag standing at the bus stop on what seems to be a very hot day, probably during summer. He is listening to music while sweating profusely when seemingly out of nowhere a black SUV driving on the road perpendicular to the bus stop violently brakes, a woman comes out of the car and uses the payphone most readily available to her. She gets frustrated maybe because whomever she is calling does not pick up and so she looks around and finds the man waiting at the bus stop and starts approaching him while shouting for his acknowledgment from a distance, the man at the stop only stares at her and her car behind her that has begun to move forward little by little, it seems the woman forgot to apply the hand brake.
a man standing at a bus stop sees a woman get out of an SUV and try to use a public phone. She becomes agitated when it doesn't work and sees the man standing across the road at the bus stop. As she crosse sover to him shouting hey and excuse me the vehicle starts to roll forward by itself.
The guy standing at the bus stop with his headphones in sees a woman get out of the car across the street in her nightgown. She is using the payphone on the street and then starts hitting the phone. Her car starts to roll away and she puts her head in her hands and then spots the guy at the bus stop. She walks across the street towards him while also noticing her car is rolling. She approaches him and says 'excuse me'
After the woman left the car she ran to the phone and dialed a number. It looked like the number didn't work since the woman started tapping the hang-up button. She brought her hands to her face and looked like she was crying, at which point the car began slowly rolling away. She turned to face the car and then started crossing the road to the man waiting at the bus stop. 
The woman jumps out of the car and runs to the roadside phone.  She tries to use it but it is out of order, which annoys her.  She starts walking across the road rowards the man in the red tee shirt waiting for the bus.  At the same time her car starts to slowly roll away.  She comes up to the man and says Hey, excuse me.
A man wearing headphones and listening to music is standing at a bus stop one bright, sunny day. As he's waiting a black car drives past and comes to a sudden stop. A woman gets out, walks up to a payphone and attempts to use it. Her car begins rolling away slowly as the woman approaches the man and tries to speak to him.
The lady who got out of the car is trying to use a payphone on the side of the street, she is getting frustrated as she seemingly can't get it to work. The guy at the bus stop watches on. The lady's car is slowly rolling away as if it doesn't have the handbrake on. The lady doesn't seem to have noticed her car rolling away and after not being able to get the payphone to work, she turns and marches towards the guy at the bus stop saying Excuse me
while a man standing at a bus stop listening to music, a  car skids and stops on the other side of the road, a woman comes out from the car and goes to a phone booth, she tries to make a call but after several tries she did succeed, suddenly women turned back and look at man who was standing at bus stop and listening music, then she shout Hey and start running towards him, Man was kind of scared but he still standing and watching.
A woman with red hair comes out of the vehicle and walks up to the phone booth. The phone doesn't work and she starts to hit it out of anger. She then turns her attention to the man in red at the bus stop. She walks towards him.
it begins by showing a man standing at the bustop on an empty road who is listening to music and holding a bag of groceries filled with cold items that seem to be melting. he looks tired and hot from the heat. all of a sudden a black car drove fast and stopped at the opposite side of the road, a lady comes out to use the payphone but it seems not to be working. she kicks it aggressively and angrily walks towards the man across the road yelling  Hey! Excuse me!
There is a woman who is clearly in trouble trying to use a payphone but it does not work. She begins to walk over to the man at the bus stop and is yelling hey excuse me. The man tries to ignore her but she is approaching fast. 
The woman who got out of the car tries to use the payphone but it seems to be out of order and she hits it with the handset and seems frustrated.  Then she walks towards the guy in headphones while her car starts rolling forwards in the background.  She calls out 'hey, excuse me' to the guy in headphones.
The lady seems to be having trouble at the phone booth because she starts hitting the phone. The lady spots the guy standing at the bus stop but while she is looking at him, her SUV starts to roll away. The lady starts walking across the street to where the guy is standing at the bus stop. When the lady gets close to the guy she starts yelling hey, excuse me at him.
The man wearing headphones watches a woman get out of the car, go to a pay phone and try to use it but she hits it in furstration. The woman then crosses the road and hurridly approaches the man at the bus stop.
Guy is at a bus stop and is approached by a woman who was just at a payphone
The man at the bus stop keeps watching the lady who steps out of the car as she looks very frustrated. She walks rapidly to the nearby telephone stand to make a call but it does not look like it is working. As it was not parked well starts moving slowly but she ignored it and she quickly started walking towards the man at the bus stop calling him hey.
The woman frantically hits the dial pad on the pay phone.  Her SUV starts slowly rolling away.  She comes over to the man on the corner.
The lady that got out of the car tried to make a call on the pay phone, it appeared the phone swallowed her money but wouldn't allow the call, she slammed it down. As she turned around and noticed the man with the headphones, her car begins to slowly roll away, she notices but carries on walking towards the man shouting hey! Hey! Excuse me
The woman tried to use the payphone near to where she got out. She seemed stressed out. The guy noticed her and was curiously looking. The car started to slightly roll forward but the woman did not care. She crossed the street in a hurry and said excuse me hey hey to the guy.
There was a man standing by the road side with some groceries in his hand ,I think he was waiting for a bus and then across the road came a car that stopped and then a lady came out of the car and was checking for something and the man stood by the other side of the road looking at her and then all of a sudden the lady started approaching him and said hey .
A lady stopped a car on the other side of the road, stepped down and went to the side of the road to operate probably an ATM machine. so, when she noticed the machine was not working, she then crossed over to the other side of the road where the man with an headphone was standing trying to approach him saying Excuse me. Meanwhile the car the lady got down from seem to still be moving unknowingly to her.
A woman gets out of a car and goes to a parking meter. The man with headphones watches her.  She cannot seem to get the machine to work so she goes over to the man and says hey
The woman got out of her car and went to a payphone, which didn't work and you could see her frustration. Her car starts rolling forward and she appears to know this. The guy was watching all this and she turns around and spots him. She starts hurrying towards him calling to him while he pretends like he doesn't notice her.
The woman gets out of the car and tries to open the box but it won't open so she kits it several times. She decides to approach the man at the bus stop but as she does her car starts rolling away and she doesn't notice. She shouts excuse me at the man who looks confused.
The door to the SUV flings open and a woman exits the vehicle in a hurry. The man wearing the white headphones watches her rush over to a payphone. She attempts to use it but it is not working. She begins to bang the phone onto the receiver out of anger. While this is happening, her SUV begins to roll away and she does not notice this. After her burst of anger has subsided a bit she notices the man wearing the headphones on the corner and begins quickly walking towards him. Hey, hey! Excuse me! she says to the man in an excited tone, trying to get his attention. Her car continues rolling away in the background. 
The woman tries to do something on the side of the road. she might want to withdraw money. but could not. sees the man and she is coming closer to the man. the man feels uncomfortable
The man at the bus stop observes a woman get out of the car, attempt to make a phone call then become very frustrated. She turns and walks toward him saying Hey! as her car slowly rolls away.
The man in the pink shirt watches as the woman that came out of the black SUV seems to be having trouble with making a call on the pay phone. She approaches the man while saying excuse me.
The woman who had got out of the car, walked over to a phone box on the pavement. She started to tap in a number and then as it was not working by the looks of it, then started to hit the phone box. At the same time there sounded like a bang and her car started rolling forwards, slowly. She did't notice this and looked over at the man at the bus stop. She walked towards him, crossing the road and started to say 'Excuse me, Hey, excuse me'. That is where it ended.
