the magician casts a spell on the man from the bus stop but makes a mistake. the lady after seeing something in the boot shoots the magician
The magician begins to perform some sort of ritualistic incantation or prayer on the busboy who begins to walk away, causing him to suddenly faint and collapse with all the ice cream spilling out. The magician does not seem satisfied with the result and removes a paper with the incantation and begins reading it. While this is happening the music is intense and the woman checks the magician's trunk to find something which makes her react with a shocked and horrified look on her face. This prompts her to walk back towards the magician and point the gun at him, he looks up eyes wide, and says She's going to, and she shoots. The busboy wakes up drenched and suffocating in the liquid form of the ice cream and looks toward the magician.
the bystander is passed out on the ground as his melted ice-cream falls to the floor. Bob is puzzled why his hypnotism didn't work. The bystander starts acting like a dog. Cheryl comes towards Bob and shoots at him as the bystander licks up the ice-cream
We see the surrounding areas but they are upside down. The bus stop guy is lying on the ground and his ice cream is all melted on the road beside him. The magician is standing over him. The bus stop guy starts making a sound like barking. The magician seems annoyed by this and pulls out a piece of paper from his pocket and starts rhyming off what sounds like a magic spell. The woman starts walking towards the magician and then shoots her gun.
The man from the bus stop fell to the ground and the magician seemed to have gotten something wrong with his incantation. The magician removes a piece of paper from his pocket and the camera switches to the woman who is trying to get into the trunk. She eventually opens it with a look of horror on her face. The man from the bus stop is lying on the road and makes a dog-like grunt. The woman begins taking large strides toward the magician and raises her pistol. The man from the bus stop is now on his hands and knees acting more like a dog.
After trying to hypnotise the man in the red tee shirt, the man is lying on the ground choking.  Something seems to have gone wrong, and the magicican checks the wording of the spell he has used.  We switch to the woman, who is advancing with the gun outstretched.  She fires the gun.
After the magician reads some sort of enchantment or spell from a piece of paper the man who had his phone smashed falls to the ground in a stupor. His angry assistant approaches the back of the magicians car and opens the trunk. The scene cuts to the man with the broken phone on the ground having dropped his ice cream and his senses. The angry woman walks back towards the magician holding her gun looking angry.
The guy with the headphones is on the ground and looks to be having some sort of small seizure. The magician seems disappointed that his spell isn't working properly and he takes a piece of paper out of his pocket and appears to be trying to read the spell written on the paper in an attempt to get the spell right. The lady then walks back from the car with her gun pointed at the magician and she fires a shot.
The man with the headphones scared and tries to flee but the magician makes him stop and shows him a tiny coffin with a tiny animal corp init, at the same time magician start saying magical words, and the person with headphone fainted after a minute and fall off on the road, then women who cant field baby at magician car came back and holding gun in her hand, she saw the person with headphone acting like a dog, at the end she shot a fire on megician.
The man in the red shirt has blurry vision and lies on the floor whimpering in pain. The magician is angry because he did what he was trying to do incorrectly. The woman comes up with a gun in her hand pointed at the magician and shoots it.
the woman still desperately asking for the whereabouts of the girl she is looking for, runs towards the mans car to the boot to try to open it, while that was happening, the magician moves towards the main character and showed him something wrapped in a scarf which appeared to be a little coffin with little skeleton in it, he starts reciting some incantations to the main character. while the main character is dehydrated and suffering from a heat stroke due to the scorching sun, falls is melting ice creams to the ground and collapses due to no energy. nthe woman got to open the trunck and discovered something in it then she begins to cry while heading toward the magician, meanwhile main character is still on the groups gasping for air and trying to lick the melted ice cream off of the ground
The man from the bus stop passed out and started having a fit on the floor. The magician starts to read from his notes. The woman, having found what she did in the trunk, walks back to the magician gun pointed. Then she shoots at the magician. 
We see the headphone guy lying on the floor kind of choking convulsing.  The magician guy looks pissed off and pulls a bit of paper out of his pocket as if its has the words he was just chanting.  It cuts to the woman coming back from the car with her gun raised.  We hear a shot fired and the sound of something hitting the ground.  Then we see headphone guy getting on to all fours.
The bus stop man is laying on the pavement with his ice cream spilled next to him, making a distress noise and the man from the car is standing over him. The man from the car pulls a piece of paper out of his pocket and start reading what is on the paper. The lady walks up and shoot the man.
The man with the headphones is lying on the floor, struggling to breathe. The magician swears and starts checking the spell he was saying, as if he has done something wrong. The woman is walking with her gun aimed, and she shoots it.
While the hero is woozy from being hypnotized, the woman returns ponting her gun and firing a shot
After falling to the ground from the magic and incantations done on him by the magic man. He starts gasping for air on the ground and the magic man looks as though the results he wanted from the incantation did not work exactly he pulls a piece of paper from his pockets and tries to read the incantations over again. The lady after failing to open the trunk of the car walks to the magic man and fires a shot.
The magician put the man on the corner into a trance and he had a seizure.  It seems the magician did the trick wrong and went over the sayings on a note.  The woman returns from the car and shoots the magician.
After collapsing on the ground the man appears to be perhaps barking, he is curled up almost in a foetal position, the magician appears annoyed at what he is looking at saying son of a bitch before pulling the spell back out of his pocket and re-reading it, the spell has either gone wrong or he read it wrong! As he is reading the woman is walking back towards them and pulls the gun back out, as the magician looks up a shot is fired, it then panned to the man on the ground who is now on all fours, still barking 
The person being hypnotised falls to the ground acting strange. The magician is not happy with the results and starts to look at a paper reciting the notes. The woman returns from the car pointing the gun. She then fires the gun and the guy on the floor seems to sit up a little bit off the floor.
And then the new guy try to hypnotize the guy with the broken phone while the lady runs to the car to search for something and then the man is interrupted with a call and the hypnotizing stops and then the lady comes and point the gun to The new guy
Immediately the headphone man fell on the fall due to the magician hypnosis on him, his bag of ice cream spilled. The lady too was seen moved toward the magician's car boot screaming and she was seen overwhelmed in pain. she went straight back to the magician this time around pointing her pistol directly at the magician.
the man from the bus stop is laid on the floor with his milkshake spilt next to him. The woman points the gun at the magician and fires.  The man from the bus stop crawls up onto his knees
The man is on the floor disoriented. The magician seems like he didn't intend for this to happen as he's mumbling while reading off a paper. The woman comes back from the trunk and shoots towards the magician.
The man from the bus stop is lying on the ground writhing about as he seem sto have had a spell put on him. The magician realizes what he has done wrong and checks his spell notes. The lady now starts walking towards the magician with the gun pointing at him and a shot is fired
The man wearing the headphones, after hearing the magician's spell, laying on the asphalt begins to act like a dog. He begins by acting like he is licking his paw and letting out short barks. The magician, realizing he has done the wrong spell, pulls a paper from his pocket, reading over the words to see what he said wrong to get this effect. The camera cuts to the woman, now coming from the car toward the magician, with her pistol pointed straight at the magician. The magician realizes this too late and a shot rings out. The hypnotized man continues to act like a dog on the pavement, licking up melted ice-cream. 
THe man turns the pinked shirt man to a dog. he thinks that he has done some mistake. the woamn points the gun to the man and shoots
The man falls with his melted ice cream on the ground. He is semi conscious and convulses. The magician curses and consults the spell to realize he has gotten something wrong. Meanwhile the woman opens the trunk of the car and recoils in horror to what she sees there. She raises the gun and begins walking back to the pair.
The man in the pink shirt got hypnotized to sleep by the magician. The scene ends with the woman shooting again, and it seems the guy in the pink shirt has woken up.
It went back to bus stop man, who was now shown laying on the ground with the spilt contents of his back around him, like the strawberry milkshake. He was making a weird sound, which sounded like a gentle bark. The magician was looking at him and re reading the spell, like it had gone wrong. The woman is then seen coming back from the car, where she had been opening the trunk   boot and was walking back towards the magician, with the gun pointed at him. Bus stop man was now making a louder bark and then there was the bang of a gun
