The women opens the car boot and is shocked but we don't know what she saw.nThe magician opens the small coffin in his hand to reveal a tiny skeleton and uses it to hypnotise the red tshirt guy and he falls over sideways slowly and the icecream in his hand had fully melted and dropped on the floor.
The woman looks in the boot of the car and seems shocked and upset. Meanwhile the magician has cast some kind of a spell on the man that has caused him to lose consciousness and collapse to the ground.
the magician is chanting as the woman opens the boot of the car and recoils in shock at what she sees. The chanting spell makes the guy and his icecream drop to the floor
The man is casting a spell on the bus stop guy and it seems to be working. The bus stop guy is starting to fall asleep or faint. The lady opens the trunk of the man's car and finds something and sighs a little. The bus stop guy drops the plastic bag that had a milk carton or something and he falls to the ground.
The woman and man pull guns on each other and the girl fires into the air. After that she runs to the boot of the car and opens it. Whil this happenning the magican hypnotises the bus guy to sleep and the woman finds something in the boot.
the woman opens the boot and recoils in horror (no idea what at). Meanwhile the man starts chanting and the boy starts to faint passout, allowing his bag of ice-cream to melt to the floor... everything swirls
The magician is casting a spell on the man from the bus stop. The woman runs to the boot of the car, opens it and looks in horror at what is inside. The man from the bus stop starts to fall, his eyes rolled back in their sockets, his ice cream melted and falling to the ground with the rest of his groceries.
The woman opened the trunk of the magician's car and was immediately distressed.  At the same time the magician was hypnotizing the man.  He eventually became sleepy and fainted.
The magician makes a bow as in a gesture towards the bus top man.  The lade stands still observing what is going on.  She pulls out a gun and shoots it in the air.nThe 'atmosphere' is darkening - metaphorically.  The magician pulls out his gun.  The man from the bus stop seems to be distressed as the magician pulls out a small coffin with a skeleton in it and mumbles strange words - as if chanting.nnThe lady opens the trunk of the stationary car ..   the atmosphere seems to be most strange and the man from the bus stop seems to be in a trance of some sort - almost as if he is going to pass out.
The magician is speaking in a low distorted voice, everything slows down. It looks as if he's hypnotising the man whose phone she took. The woman is frantically opening the trunk of the car and looking inside. We see the hypnotised man's bag full of liquidated cream or milk dripping to the floor. We watch as he loses consciousness and falls over.
Aldino the great continues to chant and entrance the man from the bus stop. Slowly his voice starts to slow down and the man falls to the ground. Meanwhile the magician's assistant open's his trunk and seeems perturbed by what she sees in there.
The woman opens the trunk and seems very distressed at what she finds but we don't see what is in the trunk. Meanwhile, the magician seems to be hypnotising or putting a spell or incantation on the man in the pink shirt - his eyes roll to the back of his head and he drops the plastic shopping bag he was holding. The magician's voice gets deeper and deeper and the man in the pink shirt seems to drop to the ground.
The man who was waiting at the bus stop collapsed, seemingly under a spell.
The magician is still talking to the guy in the pink shirt in a slow and deep voice, the woman opens up the boot of the car and is horrified at what she sees in there. The music and voice is eerie and the pink shirt guy is dropping his bag and looks like he is being hypnotised or is falling down to the road.
The woman runs to the boot of the car and opens it though we do not see what is inside it. A sun bright light appears in the sky. Meanwhile, the magician seems to be hypnotising the young man and saying singing some odd weird things 
The lady opens the boot of the car and is horrified but what she saw. The man hypnotised the 'friend' and he fell to the floor.
The magician continued to hyptonise the man. As this is happening the women opens the boot and looks horrified. The man then falls to the ground with his shopping
Aldean the Great (a magician) is in midst of some chant to hypnotize the hapless guy. Meanwhile, the woman ran off to the back of the older car (50s? 60s?) that the magician had driven. She opens the trunk, and steps back with look of horror on her face and both hands clasped to her cheeks. We do not see what is in the trunk to cause her such disgust. Back to Aldean's chanting, which becomes more muffled, as the hapless guy rolls his eyes so far back only the whites are seen. He's losing consciousness and starts to wobble, as the plastic grocery bag he holds falls out of his hands. He then collapses while the magician continues to garble some chant. 
Shirell demands that the magician return someone or something. She pulls out a gun on the magician but he pulls out a gun as well. She fires once in the sir to show she was serious. Then there's sounds coming from the trunk of the magicians car. She runs to the car and struggles to open the trunk. the bus guy tries to run but the magician stops him and works a spell in him with a tiny coffin icon. the magicians voice gets weird and very deep. The bus guy falls over from the magicians chanting.
The woman who is the Magician's assistant opens the Magician's trunk, and looks distressed to see what is inside. While that is happening the Magician hypnotizes the headphone guy with a small coffin with a skeleton skull of something until headphone guy passes out.  
So the magician keeps casting his spell, and the bus stop guy falls into a trance. His eyes roll back into his head and he drops all the stuff in his grocery bag and collapses. Meanwhile, the woman opens the trunk, but we don't see what is inside yet. She seems either scared or horrified by what she sees.
Bob keeps chanting something to red shirt guy who gets hypnotized and drops the now-melted ice cream
The woman runs towards the car and tries to open the boot. Meanwhile bus stop man is walking away, and car man catches up to him, saying I've got something to show you! Car man pulls out a small model coffin wrapped in a scarf, and opens it to reveal a tiny mummified skeleton - it's unclear what species. Car man chants a rhyme, and his voice gets deeper and deeper, as Bus Stop Man begins to get drowsy and entranced by the incantation. Meanwhile, Woman opens the boot of the car, looks inside and brings her hands to her face in distress at what she sees. We do not see what she sees. Car Man's chanted incantation continues and Bus Stop man passes out and falls to the ground.
The woman is trying to open the boot of the car, succeeds, and looks horrified. The magician continues to hypnotise the bus man, succeeding, he drops his carrier bag and looks to the sky
they can rewind it at this point im not even in the room i have left and this task is horrible
The magician hypnotizes the bus stop guy until he passes out. His assistant got the trunk open and seems upset.
The bystander has now also recognised the woman as the magicianu2019s assistant. As he puts two and two together she takes out a gun. The magician also somehow pulled one out of thin air and they point it at each other. She shoots toward the sky to prove her gun is loaded. She asks u201cWhere is she?!u201d Once again. As she asks, she can hear cries and coos coming from the magicians car. The bystander tries to flee the scene unharmed when the magician approaches him and unravels a cloth covered coffin. Inside is a corpse of a tiny animal. The magician begins to chant nonsensical utters and the bystanders eyes roll back. The ice cream begins to melt and the bystander faints as the chanting continues.
while the guy seems to continue to hypnotise the phone guy, the woman gets the trunk of the car open and steps back. Whilst the phone guy gradually loses consciousness and starts to fall to the ground 
The magician continues his encantation hypnosis while the woman rushes to the car to open the boot. The guy from the bus stop is entranced hypnotised by the magician and collapses to the ground, dropping the plastic bag as he falls.
Sherrell runs to the trunk and opens it and looks distraught. The magician casts some kind of spell on the guy in the red shirt. He looks to be in a trance as his ice cream melts away.
