A man arrives in a car, we dont see his face as he is being filmed from behind, but we can see he is driving. There is orchestral music playing as he drives.The woman says hes here. The man at the bus stop asks again for money for his phone. She starts to walk toward the car and the man from the bus stop follows her, again asking for money for his phone, but she seems oblivious to him. She is only concentrating on one thing, the man in the car. The music is playing.
The man driving the car parked nearby and the woman began walking towards it.
A man pulls up in an automobile listening to loud music. The woman begins to walk towards his car, while the man that was waiting on the bus follows her asking for her to replace his phone.
The lady said to the guy he is here when she saw the car coming. Then the guy who had borrowed her the phone asked about the money for the phone but the lady ignored him, and she continued walking to the car
The man in the car has parked under a bridge, his music blaring and his back still facing the camera. When she notices him pull up, the girl starts walking towards the car, while the sweating man follows her, still asking if he can get some money for his broken phone. The girl either does not hear him or is ignoring him, and he slowly follows behind her as she approaches the parked car.
A mysterious man has pulled up in a car further down the road. The woman, more anxious than ever, is walking towards the car and muttering to herself. The man who was originally standing at the bus stop is following her, asking her who that man in the car is, and also asking if he can get some money for his mobile phone that she broke.
A guy parks his car down the street from the other two characters and watches them while his radio is still playing. The woman starts walking towards the parked car as the guy who lent her is phone is asking for money to cover the cost of the phone which she damaged. She continues walking to the car while ignoring his request.
A man is driving his car and listening to classical music. The lady starts walking towards the car which is parked up under a bridge.nThe man who's phone was smashed by the lady is in pursuit and he is asking the lady for some money for his now broken phone.n
the man in the car stops on the road. The man with the headphones a women walk to go and look at the man in the car, while the man with the headphones continues to try and get the attention of the women
The car pulled up under the bridge shortly away from them the music still ongoing, the woman's car has somehow dissapeared, the man in the red shirt is still asking the woman for money as she starts to walk towards the car muttering to herself, the person in the car is sat waiting for her to get closer music still going 
The guy who was driving the other car suddenly pulled over and looked at the other party. When the lady saw the car parked under the bridge she walked towards it. The main character began to follow the lady at a distance
The mysterious man stops in front of the 2 main character. The guy with headphones asks for money then they both walk towards the mysterious man and the guy with headphones asks who is this.
A man pulls up playing loud music. The woman spots him and starts mindlessly walking toward his car. The sweaty man is confused and walking after her, asking for sixty dollars because the woman just broke his phone.
the car with the man driving stops in view of the man at bus stop who at this point is following the woman for 60 bucks to replace his phone, she just walks towards the parked car with the man in a white shirt and an earing, there is music being played
The car stops and the classical music continues, the driver leans his arm out the window. The lady says He's here and walks towards the car with a mixture of determination and dread. The bus stop guy follows her asking Who is here? and asking for u00a360 for the phone.
The other car stops under a bridge and the woman sees this and starts walking towards it. the man whose phone she borrowed picks up his phone, sees that it is broken and follows the woman asking for some money.
The guy who stood at the busstop wants money for the phone that the woman threw and broke. The woman says that someone is here and a man in a car drives towards them and parks under a bridge just watching them. The woman starts walking towards the car and the man from the busstop walks after her asking for the money for the phone.
The man in the cars tops, but doesn't get out. The woman walks over to him. The man at the bus stop follows her, asking her for money for his broken phone.
Next we see a man inside a car with the music blaring pull up and stop under a bridge. The woman ignores the man with the phone which she broke asking for $60 for it. She keeps walking and the guy with the phone follows her and keeps saying Miss to attract her attention and Can I just get some money for this  Miss!.
the guy is the car stopped a short distance from the under a bridge and the woman started to walk towards the car and the guy with the broken phone followed the woman asking her for money for his broken phone 
The man in the car watches the lady and bus stop guy from a distance. The woman clearly knows who he is and starts marching over to the car, while the boy who gave her his phone follows asking for some money as she broke it. 
we see the back of a man's head as he is driving his car towards the bus stop. the woman sees the black car and starts walking towards it. the man at the bus stop calls out miss, miss to attract her attention. he wants money for the phone which the woman has thrown to the floor and broke.
Some guy drives up and stares at the woman. Meanwhile the other guy is still asking for money for the phone she broke. She sees the guy in the car staring at her and starts to walk over to the car.
The guy in the car stops at a distance and the woman starts walking towards the car. The guy from the bus stop asks the woman who the guy in the car is. The guy from the bus stop follows the woman and continues to ask if he can just get some money for the phone she has just broken.
A man in a car pulls up under a bridge. He's playing music very loudly in his car, it sounds like old-fashioned 1940s music. The woman sees the car pulled up, and starts walking towards it. The main character, his phone broken and headset off, continues to ask for money from the woman as compensation for her breaking his handset. She ignores him and he follows her towards the stationary car and the man sat inside it.
the villain-esque guy in a fancy shirt stops his car under the overpass, while the woman looks scared, she then starts muttering to herself and starts walking towards mr fancy shirt's car. the guy in the red shirt keeps chasing the woman asking for some money to pay for a new phone since she broke his
The man parks his car in the distance facing the women and the man from the bus stop.  She starts to walk towards the car. The man from the bus stop follows, asking for money for the phone she has broken.  She ignores him and continues walking towards the car.
The man we saw in the car playing loud music stopped driving in the shadow of the bridge. The woman saw his car and with a grimly concentrated and distressed expression on her face started walking toward the car. The man in the pink tshirt continued to try to get her attention, calling her 'Miss' and asking for some money for the broken phone. He asked her who it was in the car and followed after her.
The woman walks over to the car that has driven up. The guy follows, wanting money for his phone.
The subject from the other end of the womans phone call has arrived in his car. She is approaching him as he sits listening to loud music. The sweating man is following her trying to get her to pay for his smashed phone that she threw in a bad temper.
