as Aldini continued his chanting incantation etc, he opens a minature coffin which was wrapped in a cloth. in the coffin is a tiny skeleton, possibly of a bird. bus stop guy starts to feel faint. Aldini's assistant has gone to the boot of the car and opened it, we don't see what she saw, but her reaction tells us it's not good.nnin the meantime, bus stop guy has collapsed, his ice cream is all over the road and he lies at Aldini's feet, convulsing a little like he's trying to be sick.
the majician is talking as the man faints and drops his shopping on the floor
Bob pulls out a smaller gun than the running woman, and a standoff happens. This is broken by the woman firing a warning shot into the sky. nnA baby's cry from the car stops everything and she runs off towards the car and the baby. The red top man tries to remove himself but Bob stops him and shows him a small coffin before and muttering a spell of some sort. This affects the red top man who falls to the ground in slow motion while the woman opens the boot of the car.
The magician is hypnotising the bus stop guy. He falls over and starts making choking sounds.
Aldini the Great chants some sort of hypnotic suggestion magick spell over the man from the bus stop, causing him to spill his tub of ice cream and pass out in the road. The woman opens the boot of the car which had been driven by Aldini and finds something which appears to horrify her. The man from the bus stop writhes on the ground as if he's dreaming of swimming or drowning. 
The incantation the man from the car was saying made the other man pass out.  The ice cream in his bag melted and spread over the ground beside him.  His body started twitching
the magician continues talking to the chap in red in a hypnotic way, he seems to be under the magicians spell. the next shot shows the melted ice cream pouring out the shopping bag of the chap in red. the next shot shows the lady looking horrified, having opened up the trunk of the magicians car. Now his eyes have rolled to the back of his head, even deeper under the magicians spell as he passes out and collapses. the next shot shows the chap in red gasping for air after waking up, with his melted ice cream all over the floor next to him. the magician still stands over him.
As the woman goes to the trunk of the car, the magician starts to hypnotize the main character. He uses a saint's cross. The main character is hypnotized and his shopping bag falls. He falls to the ground and starts to convulse.
The magician utters a curse, showing the miniature coffin containing the skeleton to the man. He begins to fall into a daze, dropping the bag and spilling the milk. The woman opens the trunk, and puts her hands to her mouth, in shock. The man is lying on his side, making animal sounds and making jolting movements.
I forgot to mention that the woman is the magician's assistant, Cheval or something like that, and she keeps asking where is she. Anyway, the magician keeps chanting and the sweaty guy's eyes go into the back of his head and then he falls onto the ground and drops the bag which had ice cream in it. The ice cream goes everywhere. The woman looks into the boot of the magician's car and she looks distressed.
The magician wants to show the pink shirt guy a trick while the woman goes to check the voice from the car.
The magician has put the man into some kind of hypnosis, he lies half conscious on the floor.
Bob's creepy chant hypnotizes the man, who falls to the ground, dropping his groceries.  He writhes around on the ground and makes some noises, possibly coming out of the hypnosis.
sweaty man appears to slowly pass out as he hears the tall guy speaking but it is distorted and he falls to the ground and lies on his side moving , almost like he is having  a seizure.
The lady runs to the back of the car and Bob starts hypnotizing the other guy, who then falls on the floor and drops his milk bag. 
The main character is caught is some sort of chant and is falling asleep. The camera shows he is dropping his ice cream from his bag and slowly starts to fall. The whole time the magician is still doing the chant. We see the main character hit the floor and the camera shows it from his personal view. The camera pans out and he seems to start barking acting like a dog.
The magician hypnotises the man at the bus stop and he falls to the ground, he is starting to wake up
The man with the ice cream drops his ice cream and falls to the ground after being put in a trance by the magician. 
hypnotised by the man the other man falls down and now we're here
As the man and older gentleman are in an argument, they pull out their guns at each other, and the woman hears something in the back of his car. She runs over and tries to open the trunk. At that time, the magician starts hypnotizing the man at the bus stop. His ice cream is melting and he falls over in the street. 
Oversome by the magician's hypnosis, the young man faints, dropping his now-melted ice cream. He lies semi-conscious on the ground, jerking his body slightly.
Magician is talking in deep voice, reciting something. Headphone guy starts closing eyes and falls to floor. Whilst this is happening woman goes to trunk of magicians car, opens it eventually, stands back in horror. 
The magician started chanting at our boy with some weird incantation. He whipped out a tiny coffin shaped container and showed our boy a bone or something. Our boy passed out and started having convusions as the lady rifled through the trunk of the magicians car after hearing a baby crying.
As the man kept talking the lad started to fall asleep and slowly fell to the floor, as he fell he dropped his bag and the icecream in it went onto the road then as the lad lay asleep on the floor he started to jerk his body and started to lick something that wasn't there.
the guy who was listening to music collapses from the spell.
the magician hypnotizes the man, who drops his bag and falls to the ground. He then wakes up making weird noises.
The magician is still seemingly speaking in tongues and the man in the headphones starts rolling his eyes backwards. The magician keeps speaking and the man with the headphones appears to faint. The next scene we see is that the man in the headphones has dropped his bag with ice cream and it's all over the ground while it seems like he is gagging or having a seizure.
The phone guy got hypnotized by the magic man and fell over. He dropped his stuff.
The magician and the woman (apparently his assistant) point their guns at each other. They are arguing when the woman fires a warning shot. She then looks at the car and hears a whimpering animal and starts to look worried. She runs over to the car and the magician shouts that the animal is fine. The man who was waiting for a bus begins to walk away, as if he's trying to escape the situation but the magician chases him. He asks him to stop and starts doing a magic trick in front of him. He pulls out a small coffin from his pocket and starts reciting something. The man starts to fall to sleep out of consciousness which suggests the magician is hypnotising him. Whilst this is happening the woman has opened the boot of the car and sees something that distresses her and starts to cry. The man is now fully hypnotised and falls to the ground, dropping his shopping. He then starts to convulse on the floor. 
As the magician continues to speak in a creepy manner, bus stop guy's eyes roll into the back of his head,  As he falls to the ground, you can see his melted ice cream dripping from the bag onto the ground.  He is lying in the street shaking like he is having a seizure. 
