The woman and bob shoot each other and lay on the floor covered with blood. The man has started to display dog like behaviour including barking, eating of the ground and sniffing. This is caused by the spell of bob. He hears more barking coming from the car trunk.
The woman shoots the man.  From the ground, he shoots her back.  Meanwhile, the guy from the bus stop is on the ground licking up his ice cream and barking like a dog.  The dog boy crawls away towards the sound of another dog.
The woman walks back over to the men. She pulls out her gun and shoots the magician. He falls to the ground and shoots her. They're both, presumably, dead on the ground. The guy has been hypnotized to think he's a dog. Another dog barks from somewhere and he barks back. He licks up the ice-cream, sniffs at the dead woman's leg, and crawls away, barking at this other dog in the distance.
After seeing what was in the boot of the car, the woman walks towards to magician and shoots him. He falls to the floor and shoots her. They are both dead. Between them, the man from the bus stop is now behaving like a dog, licking the melted ice cream from the floor, walking on all fours and barking. 
The man in the suit was trying to reverse the effects of a spell he seems to have put on the man in the t-shirt. However, having looked in the boot of the car and been shocked by what she found, the woman walks towards the man in the suit and shoots him. While he is dying, his last act is to shoot the woman. Both people are presumed dead. Meanwhile, the man in the pink t-shirt seems to think he is a dog. He lapped at the melted ice-cream and is now crawling around on all-fours barking. Another dog can be heard barking. Perhaps the barking sounds are coming from the boot of the car.
The woman walks away from the car, pointing her gun towards the suited man who continues to recite his spell curse upon the man. She scrunches her face and presses down on the trigger of the gun, shooting the man fatally. As the man falls to the ground, he lifts his hand and shoots her, you hear the woman fall to the ground. The sweaty man becomes dog, licking the ice cream off the floor, barking back at any distant dog. 
~ while the female is very distraught at what she finds in the car, the magician is putting some sort of spell or hypnotism onto the bus stop man - he drops his ice cream and bag and falls onto the floor in slow motion. however, the bus stop man is still awake, but somehow possesses dog behaviour. the female shoots the magician, he falls down, and shoots her, before they're both lying in their own pools of blood. the bus stop man is on all fours and is sniffing and licking the ice cream like a dog, due to the spell the magician put on him.
The man from the bus stop is laid on the floor next to the melted ice cream from his bag. The woman with the gun returns from the car and a shot is fired. The magician hit the floor and also fires his gun. The man from the bus stop gets up onto all fours and starts behaving like a dog, barking and licking the ice cream off the floor.
Aldini is checking his trick instructions as the phone man has collapsed and thinks he is a dog after the hypnotism has gone wrong.  The woman shoots Aldini and then he falls to the ground and shoots the woman.  The phone man licks his melted ice cream and then sniffs the woman, he then hears a dog and goes to it.
The man in the red top is on the floor seizing because of the incantation that the magician cast on him, while the woman manages to get his boot open. She is horrified by what she sees inside the boot. The magician is annoyed - it appears he got the incantation wrong as the result is not as expected, however as he is rereading it to see if he got it right the woman shoots him. As he lies on the floor in pain, he pulls out his gun and shoots her back. The man in the red top is up now, on his arms and knees, barking, the incantation has mdae him start acting like a dog. He has also thrown up by the looks of it, the floor is covered in red vomit and it's running down his face. 
The conjurer shows the young man a ting skeleton that is in the coffin and uses it to put a spell on the man, who falls to the ground, in a pool of melted ice cream. Meanwhile the woman runs up and shoots the magician, who uses his dying breath to shoot the woman dead.
The woman, leaving the truck open walks towards the magician with her gun pointed at him. She shoots at him just as she shoots at him. They are both sprawled out on the ground. The man from the bus stop starts to lap up his melted ice cream off of the sidewalk. He is on all fours and panting like a puppy. A dog is barking in the background and the man from the bus stop, now behaving like a dog, starts towards the distant barking. He is still on all fours.
The lady starts walking back towards the magician and the guy from the bus stop and shoots the magician.  The magician lands on the ground and shoots her back.  The poor guy that was at the bus stop is now acting like a dog and starts crawling towards the car.
The lady shoots the magician as he's saying a verse over the man who was at the bustop. The magician shoots the lady back before passing away. The man from the bustop is crawling away barking.
the woman walks over and shoots the magician, who falls to the ground and shoots her back. They both appear to be dead and the bus stop man, still hypnotized, licks up more ice cream, sniffs the woman and then crawls towards the car, still barking like a dog.
Bob realising he has hypnotized the man at the bus stop wrong, starts to try again. Shavon walks over to Bob with a gun pointing at him and shoots him straight away, as Bob falls to the floor he shoots Shavon as well they both I now presume are dead lie on the ground, while the guy at the bus stop is still hypnotized as a dog and is eating ice cream off the floor whilst on all fours, he then barks and walks away like a dog, sniffing shavon as he goes past her.
the hypnosis actually works. the lady shoots bob, as bob falls to the ground. he shoots the lady too. they both die. while the other man walks away like a dog
The woman approaches the magician, gun drawn, and shoots him. He collapses, but not before he manages to shoot her down. They are both lying on the ground, presumably dead. The headphones guy is between them on all fours. He begins to lap up the melted ice cream on the street and barks like a dog. Another dog barks in the background and the headphones guy crawls over to the woman and sniffs her like a dog.
the magician is checking his spell when the woman walks back over pointing the gun at him, she fires and the magician falls to the floor. The camera shows him with blood around him as he fires his own gun and we hear someone fall to the floor. As the camera pulls back we see that both he and the woman are now lying dead and the man from the bus stop is on his knees lapping up the melted ice cream, he barks and carries on eating before we hear a bark from in the distance and he crawls of on all fours only stopping briefly to sniff the woman's dead body
The magician and his assistant shoot each other and the bus stop man is on all four barking and licking up the spilled ice cream.
The magician consults his paper upon which the curse is written, as the young man is on the floor having a seizure. He has clearly uttered the wrong words, as the effect was not as intended. The woman silently walks towards the magician, and shoots him. He falls, and returns a shot from his tiny pistol. They are both on the floor as the camera pans up. The young man comes out of his seizure, and it is clear that the curse has changed his behaviour to that of a dog. He laps up the spilt milk, sniffs the body of the woman, barks, and walks away on all fours.
The mysterious magician looks confused at the man in pink lying on the floor, he looks back at his spell on the paper. As he is doing this the woman starts to walk quickly towards him, with her gun held outright aiming towards the magician. The magician beings to speak she's going to but he is cut off, due to a bullet from the woman's gun. As he falls to the floor blood is seen pooling around him. He fires his own gun at the woman. At this moment the man in pink re-animates and is seen to be acting like a dog. We can see the woman's legs lay down on the floor. The man in pink has the magician lay on his left and the woman lay on his right. Still in his dog-like state, the man in pink sniffs her, remaining on his hands and knees, and begins to bark. He then starts to move away from them, continuing to bark. 
The woman walks back towards the magician with her gun drawn again. The magician tries to reassure her, but she fires her gun at the magician. The magician fires his gun before he fall to the ground. Both the woman and the magician have fallen to the ground, and the man waiting for the bus starts acting like a dog at the center of both their bodies. The man waiting for the bus starts barking, licks melted ice cream from the ground, sniffs the woman's body, and starts crawling away.
The magician starts reading something off a piece of paper. He gets shot by the woman and he shoots her as well. The man waiting for the bus is now barking like a dog and eating ice cream off the floow. 
The sweating man is now hypnotised and thinks he is a dog. The magician is re-reading his spell. The woman having seen what is in the boot (trunk) of the car heads back to the magician and shoots him. As he lies dying he raises the Derringer and shoots the woman. The sweating man is left, as a dog, barking and eating the fallen ice-cream off the street between the two bodies. He exits on all fours, barking.
The woman approached from the boot and walked towards the man and fired s shot, injuring him and he slumped to the floor. He shot the woman as well killing her, then he slumped dead. the man with the phone issue, having been hypnotized was licking icecream which was in the bag he had to hand. he barked and licked the icecream, crawled to the woman 's body and barked again. 
After the lady run to the ma's car and saw the cry baby she run into a shock mood and then latter walk to the man while the man performed magic to the guy which made the guy fell to the ground. Right after the feel to the ground, it seems that the man missed a spell so he decide to check for the right spell. He then reach to his pocket while the woman pull the trigger at him and the man also shot the lady too they both died and the guy was turn into behaving like a dog 
The lady walked up and shot the magician who turned the bus stop guy into a dog, the car guy shot back. Bus stop guy started lapping up his ice cream and crawling away while barking.
The woman walks back from the car towards the magician, seemingly empty-handed but raising a gun. She fires a single shot which hits the magician who then falls to the floor. While laying on the floor the magician lets off a shot from his tiny gun which appears to have hit the woman as we see her slump to the ground. The young man, having been hallucinated it would seem, starts acting like a dog, licking up ice cream from the floor and barking on all fours.
The lady, horrified at whatever she sees in the trunk, starts walking towards the magician and shoots him. The magician falls, bloodied and shot, but somehow produces his gun in his hand and shoots the woman, who falls down dead. As this is happening, the bug guy is now on all fours, pecking and licking at the melted ice cream on the street. He is acting like a dog. He starts barking, and a dog somewhere in the distance responds with a bark, too. He then crawls like a dog over to the woman, barking. He is now a dog.
