There was a cry from the car, so the girl ran to the car to see who was there Meanwhile the magician got the attention of the main character and produced a small coffin in a handkerchief opened the lid of the coffin and started talking.
The woman runs toward the car when she hears whining. The man tries to run away but the magician follows him. The magician stops him and holds up a small black coffin. He opens it and there is a skeleton of a mouse inside. He starts saying a rhyming phrase that sounds like a spell. It looks like maybe he's hypnotizing the man. 
The woman hears cries coming from the man's trunk. As the man from the bus stop attempts to get away from the situation, the magician stops him and attempts to show him a magic trick. The magician is saying an incantation as the woman attempts to open the trunk of the car and free the person inside the trunk.
The woman runs to the back of the car where the noise is coming from. The man whos phone was smashed tries to walk away in the opposite direction but the magician man runs in front of him to stop him. The magician man then shows him a small coffin that is in his hand that has a cross on he then opens it to reveal some bones. The magician then recites some kind of spell and then the man whos phone was smashed starts what looks like being hypnotised.
The lady runs toward the car and tries to open the boot. The guy in the red t-shirt walks fast in the opposite direction to get away but the earring guy follows him and stops him and shows him a little box with a cross on it and opens it and begins chanting words, there's what seems to be a skeleton in the tiny box and while he chants some words the guy in the red t-shirt seems to get drowsy.
As the woman and man were standing off with guns, a crying sound was heard from the car, which the woman went to as the man told her it was going to be ok. Seeing this scary situation the man in headphones started walking off, but the other man ran up to him and took out a cloth saying he had something to show him. As the woman went into the car the man took a mini coffin out of the cloth and opened it to reveal what liked like a tiny skeleton from a mouse or something then started talking in a deep voice, reciting some sort of rhyme as if he was hypnotising the man.
The lady hears a child crying from the boot of the man's car. She runs towards it and tried unsuccessfully to open the trunk. In the meantime, the bus stop man decided that since guns were involved, it was better for him to walk away. However, the man (who we now know is a magician) stopped the bus stop man and said he's got something to show the bus stop man. He took out a purple covered object and unwrapped it. It was a tiny black coffin with a cross on the cover. He opens it and within the tiny coffin is a skeleton of a bird of some sort. The magician then began to chant and the bus stop man became hynotised and goes into a trance-like state.
In the previous scene the woman and the man from the car had pulled guns on each other. The woman ran off to the boot of the car (parked under the bridge), while the man (previously revealed to be a magician) approaches the man and shows him a small model coffin, while he recites some kind of spell.
The headphone guy starts to walk away as Cherone runs towards the car that Bob got out of. Bob calls after the headphone guy, who he now calls Jerome. Bob runs in front of Jerome and shows him a handkerchief he has brought from his pocket, he uncovers a very small coffin from the handkerchief, that has a gold cross on the front. Bob starts to recite what sounds like a demonic prayer as he is doing this. Bob opens the small coffin to reveal the skeleton of a bird inside,
The guy with a car did a magic trick where he took out a gun. The lady ran to his car and the guy with the car ran after the guy that borrowed the lady his phone  he started walking away when the magic guy showed a trick to him and the guy seems to be loosing his mind while the lady  was trying to open the boot of a car seems she is trying to rescue an animal
The woman rushes to the back of the car trunk to look for the girl, supposedly. The man waiting at the bus walks away before being caught up by the magician and the magician starts showing him something in a box with a cross on it. He then starts kind of hypnotising the bus man.
then the women pulls out a gun  and fires in the air the man as is own gun he is a famous magician. then he pulls out a box with a cross on it and shows the man that was at the bus stop
The guy starts to walk away and the woman runs towards the car because she hears someone in the booth. The magician runs after the guy and shows him a tiny coffin and in side are some bones of a small animal. The guy them starts to hypnotise the guy.
Cheryl begins to run towards the car, and the bus stop man begins to walk away. Bob intervenes and stops the bus stop man from walking away and begins to show him some sort of trick. Meanwhile, Cheryl has opened the boot of the car and is looking through it. Bob shows the man a small coffin with a cross on it, whilst chanting something. Bob opens the coffin to reveal a skeleton of somesort
The second man asks her who the first guy is and she says a friend.  The man says he just wants his phone replaced.   The woman continues to ask where is she?  The woman and the second man pull guns on each other.  Someone fires.  She hears sounds coming from the car and runs towards it.  The second man has something to show the first man and shows him some items while saying some type of incantation.
Cheryl walks towards the car trunk as we hear a noise coming from the car. The man with the red shirt tries to walk away from the situation but is stopped by Bob. Bob starts a ritualistic chant and it seems as though he is hypnotizing the guy in the red shirt. Bob pulls out a small coffin shaped box with a cross on it and opens it. Inside appears to be a dead and decayed mouse or rat.
The magician tells the woman She's gonna be OK and while the woman runs to open the boot trunk of his car, the magician pulls a handkerchief from his pocket and performs a trick to the younger guy with headphones. He unfolds the handkerchief to reveal a coffin and inside is the skeleton on a bird. He speaks in a mesmerising voice.
The lady ran to the boot of the car. The magician got a little coffin with a small skeleton in it and tried to put the man in red in a trance.
The woman runs to the boot of the car, whilst the man from the car chases the man from the bus stop. The man from the car is holding a scarf with something inside, he opens it to show the man from the bus stop a small coffin. When opening it, it seems to have the skeleton of something inside. He starts reciting a spell of some sort, which seems to make the man from the bus stop sleepy. 
The lady and the man were pointing gun at each other when the young guy started working away. The woman ran towards the back of the car trying to open the boot forcefully. The man ran towards the young guy assuring him the lady will be fine. He went in front o the young guy telling him he has something to show him. He stood and the brought out a small box wrapped with a cloth with a sign of a cross on the box. When he opened the box, a skeleton was inside it. He started making incantations
The magician starts to hypnotize the main character after he tries to walk away while the woman goes to the car looking for someone.
The woman runs toward the sound from the car while the magician stops the man from the bus stop telling him he has something to show him. He brings out a tiny coffin with something dried up inside it and is repeating some kind of incantation. The man from the bus stop appears to be getting drowsy.
The women lowers the gun and runs over to the car to check in the boot, in the meantime the Man who was asking for money frantically walks away as a result of the gun firing to which the magician follows and tells him that he wanted to show him something. The magician then reveals a coffin with a cross on in which he opens it and something is inside to which the man speaks words and as a result the other man begins to get enchanted and wobbles a bit.
she hears whimpering in the car and goes to investigate.  the magician tries to stop the guy and seems to put him into a trance by reciting some lore and having him look at some prop from a box with a cross on it that he opens to show an object.
The woman runs to the car and tries to get into the boot.  The car man distracts bus stop man by showing him a small coffin with some sort of animal skeleton in.  The car man is chanting something and bus stop man seems very disorientated. 
The lady shoots at the magician and misses, she runs to the trunk of the car and tries to open it, the guy with the headphone tries to walk away but the magician stops him, shows him a tiny casket and begins to hypnotize him.
The lady heard a noise coming from the car and she rushed to the trunk to open it. The man from the bus stop started walking back to the bus stop when the magician rushed after him saying  i got  something to show you he then grabbed a napkin from his pocket unwrapped it  showing a small coffin with a crucifix on it proceed to open it , inside a skeleton of some sort and the magician recited some evil verses to the man from the bus stop who then started getting drowsy and sleepy while the lady struggling to open the trunk of the car.
the magician says he has something to show the man. He tajes out a cloth with a mini casket and starts talking in another language 
A shot is fired. The magician approaches the man who was waiting for the bus and pulls out a small coffin object. He then starts saying a spell or something to him as he looks dazed. Meanwhile the woman tries to get into the boot of the magicians car.
Cherelle runs off to the car whilst the magician guy goes up to bus stop guy and shows him a mini casket with animal bones inside he starts talking to him and we find out he is trying to hypnotise him as his voice gets deeper whilst looking down on him. In the meantime Cherelle gets something out of the boot of the car. 
