The camera paned to an empty road with packed cars and nobody. There was a guy listening to music with his headphones and waiting at the bus stop. The sun was quite hot, so hes face was really red and hes eyes were almost shut because it was so bright and the icecream in the bag he was holding was melting as the bag was wet. Suddenly a car zooms down the adjacent road and screechs to a halt, a woman comes out and walks hastily to the car park meter.
A man is waiting by a bustop in a rundown part of town. He seems a bit out of it, listening to something on his headphones. He is sweating becuase it is a hot day, and he had a bag of shopping that might contain melting ice cream. Suddenly a speeding car comes to an abrupt stop by a public telephone and a woamn rushes out of the car towards the telephone.
there is a deserted street and a guy in a red top at the bus stop. He has headphones on and a carrier bag with strawberry icecream in it. It is very hot so the icecream and guy and melting in the sunshine. A dark truck screeched to a halt from nowwhere and a woman gets out and runs around the car. The guys sees this
There's a guy waiting on the side of a road, listening to music on his headphones. He's carrying a white plastic bag with some groceries in it. He's probably waiting for the traffic light to turn red, so he can cross the road. A car passes him and comes to a stop abruptly, and a lady comes out of the car and quickly runs towards the trunk of her car.
A guy is wating by the side of the road for a bus. He is listening to music and his reverie is broken by a car pulling up. A young woman then gets out of the car while he watches.
shot of a deserted street, a man is waiting at the kerb, listening to music on headphones, holding a carrier bag, dripping water... but not crossing. Traffic noise in the distance, but then a car screeches through the junction he is stood by, brakes hard and a woman gets out and runs to the telephone box by the junction.
A man in a red shirt is waiting for a bus. The sun is beating down on him. He wears white headphones. He is holding a bag of shopping. A tub of strawberry ice cream in melting inside the bag. A black SUV screeches to a halt across the road from him. A woman jumps out and runs around to the passenger side of the car.
It was a hot sunny day.  There was a man standing by the road, listening to music on his headphones.  He was waiting for someone or something.  Suddenly a car stopped from across the road and a woman came out of the driver's seat.
There is a bus stop.  The street is quiet and a man, holding a bag is standing looking as if he was actually dozing.  He is wearing headphones.nThe man, at the pavement edge probably does not hear a car passing by very quickly and screeching.nnA lady dashes out of the car towards him.   At this point you woke up.n
We see an empty street. We see a man in a pink shirt with headphones on at a bus stop. He's carrying a supermarket bag with produce. He's listening to music on his headphones. He looks incredibly sleepy and half focused. A car suddenly pulls up at a corner of the screen and parks sharply. A woman with curly hair runs out of the car to the trunk. 
A man stands by a bus top listening to music on his headphones. He has a shoppping bag with him and is visibly sweating in the heat. All is quiet. All of a sudden a 4x4 screeches to a halt across the other side of the junction and a woman gets out of the vehicle and walks over to the telephone at the side of the road.
A man in a pink t-shirt is waiting at the bus stop in a town. The town looks like it is quite run-down or low-income; it has graffiti on some of the walls. The man is listening to music on his headphones and is carrying a plastic bag. His facial expression looks as if he is about to collapse or fall asleep. Suddenly, a black car drives past on the adjacent street and comes to an abrupt stop. A woman gets out and heads over to what looks like a payphone.
A man is waiting at a bus stop whilst listening to music on headphones. A cat stops across the road and a woman gets out.
A run down section of a city is the setting, there is a long road with derelict buildings to the sides. The next scene is a man on the pavement wearing a pink top and full headphones over his ears. He is holding a carrier bag with some liquid running down the outside and is patiently stood on the pavement. Then a car appears in front of him breaking hard on the road in front of some graffiti on walls.
there is a miserable looking man standing by a bus stop wearing headphone and listening to music, he is carrying a plastic bag with something related to strawberries in it. A car rapidly pulls up and a woman dashes out of the car for the boot. 
There was a man standing at a bus stop with a bag of shopping. His shopping including frozen items that were melting. The man had headphones on and was listening to music but was very drowsy due to the heat. A car raced past and a lady ran out of the car. 
A man is standing at the side of a deserted street wearing headphones and holding a shopping bag. He notices a car pull up and a women run out of the car
The scene opens from the sun in the sky to a street up a hill lined with structures of either ordinary houses or small buildings of businesses. Wires of telephone lines hang in the air attached to the poles that stand along the sidewalk. Then the next shot is of a White man standing forlornly at the sidewalk, presumably waiting for the bus. He's wearing white headphones, a pinkish-red t-shirt and khaki pants. Then the shot zooms in closely onto his head, showing him sweating profusely with his brown hair wet. He looks drained. Then the film pans down to the plastic grocery bag he's carrying with the content sweating condensation. Scene pulls back to the man standing on the sidewalk. Next a black SUV zooms down the street and stops suddenly. A woman gets out of the car and runs around to the back of the SUV ... 
A man is zoning out by the bus stop. He's holding a bag which looks like frozen strawberries. The bag is dripping. A car comes screeching up on an adjacent street. a lady jumps out and he sees her run to a phone along the street. She leaves her car door wide open.
There was a guy waiting at a bus stop with headphones on listening to music while holding a plastic bag. As he was waiting a van sped by and stopped across the street from him and a woman ran out. 
The movie is set in a city. A man is waiting at a bus stop, wearing headphones and listening to music. He's got a bag of something with strawberries in it. It looks hot since he's sweating and exhausted. Suddenly, a black SUV screeches in, and a woman jumps out and runs to a payphone.
some guy is standing by the side of the road looking bored, then a car speeds past, rams on their brakes and a woman gets out running for the payphone on the side of the road.
A man waits at a bus stop in urban America. He listens to music via headphones. It is hot and sunny. Suddenly a large black vehicle speeds along the street perpendicular to him, and stops abruptly. He sees this. A curly haired woman gets out of the front driver's seat and rushes around the car to the pavement.
The sun is beating down in the clear blue cloudless sky. A man is waiting at the bus stop, dripping in sweat. He is carrying a bag of frozen strawberries which are melting. He is listening using his headphones. A car speeds past and grinds to a halt. A woman gets out of the car and walks to the back of the car.... 
its hot some guy is listening to music and a black suv pulls up a woman with crazy hair runs out
There is a guy in a red bus waiting for a bus listening to music on his headphones. It is very hot out and he's sweating while the ice cream he's carrying in a plastic bag is melting. As he's waiting, an SUV pulls up and a woman jumps out and runs to the side of the road
The sun is shining brightly. It is a very hot day in a quiet down. A guy is listening to music very loudly while he waits at the bus stop. He has got some ice cream in his grocery bag. All of a sudden a car comes flying past, and a woman exits the vehicle appearing to be in quite a hurry.
It s ahot day in a town. Theres a guy waiting for a bus and listening to music on his headphones. Hes holding a bag of icecreams which are melting in the hot sun. Acroos the road theres a squeal of tyres and a woman stops a car and gets out.
A guy is waiting at a bus stop, listening to music through his headphones. It is a hot day and the guy is visibly sweating and tired. The plastic bag he is holding in his hand contains something which is melting. A car suddenly pulls up nearby, and a woman jumps out.
It's a hot day with the sun overhead. A guy is waiting at a bus stop wearing over-the-ear headphones and holding some double strawberry ice cream. All of a sudden, a black SUV pulls up across the street and skids to a stop. A woman jumps out of the vehicle.
