The guy that was standing at the bus goes to pick up his broken phone and asks the lady if he can get 60 bucks for it. The camera pans to some weird guy, who is dressed like he's going to a wedding, driving. The lady mumbles he's here and it pans back to the guy who I'm assuming is getting closer to where they are. 
The guy who's phone was broken by the woman was asking for 60 bucks to replace his phone and was confused at what's happening. Then loud music started playing and a guy in a car started driving towards them and it looked like he stopped and was watching from afar.
The woman broke the man's phone so he asks for reimbursement. She ignores the man and a man in a car pulls up its the man she was on the phone with.
The man with the headphones asks for sixty dollars as payment for the phone the woman decided to break in anger. She ignores him and as this interaction happens, we see the back of the head of a man driving a car. He is bald and looks like he could mean trouble. He parks under the bridge and the woman looks up to see him in the car.
The man who was waiting at the bus stop lends the woman his phone but chucks it down on the ground after the frustrating call. The sweating man walks over to retrieve it and plays with the buttons, this phone is broken and then goes on to say do you think i could get 60 bucks for it or something staring up at her, she seems preoccupied and still distressed and doesn't answer. Cut scene to a car approaching with music playing, it's an inside shot and the back of the mans head, his hair appears to be slicked back, he's wearing a waistcoat and shirt and has an ear piercing
The man in the red shirt asks, miss, miss, this phone is broken. anyway I can get $60 for it? Miss, miss. And she continues to ignore him and look off into the distant road and it cuts to a scene of a man driving an old sedan vehicle playing loud music and she is saying he is here he is here. The scene just cut to a standstill of her with her hands on her hips in the middle of the road staring at the car that was now parked underneath a bridge a little farther down and the guy in the red shirt has walked up to her to look as well. 
After throwing the main characters phone, he states to the woman that she owes him $16 (16 bucks), she then looks up the road, the scene ends, and in the next scene, you see a youngish man in a black suite, clean cut hair (short) driving a old fashioned car and park under a bridge, the woman states He is here in which both the main male character and the woman look up the road at the car under the bridge
The man realises his phone is now broken. He asks the woman who smashed it if she is going to give him 'like 60 bucks or something' on account of breaking his phone. She ignores him and says, 'he's here'. A man is arriving in a car, and is listening to loud, classical operatic music in his car. he pulls up, and both the woman and man who has his phone smashed, stare at the car which is about 50 meters away from them. 
The woman who borrowed the phone that smashes it on the floor in a rage after the phone call obviously didn't go as she'd hoped. The main character then questions her about it asking for money for it  asking if she is okay. She ignores him and then the camera cuts to another man who seems to be approaching in another car. He seems to be involved but we don't know yet.
After the woman throws the mans phone, he picks it up in disbelief and says its broken and can he get $60 for it. She doesnt seem to be paying attention as she is saying he is here about a man in a car driving towards them
She's now paced over to ask the man to use his phone.  Now we see her talking to someone and threatening them back.  The phone cuts off and she smashes it the ground.  The man she borrowed it from tells her she has broken it, and can he get $60 for it.  She ignores him.  He sits in the road.   A car approaches, with the  viewpoint of a man in the car looking ahead at what we presume is the scene ahead.  Weird music is playing.
The man says that the phone is broken after she throws it on the ground. He then asks her if she is okay, in a monotone voice that doesn't seem to match the energy she has, almost not caring about his broken phone that she's just smashed. Sweat beams off the man's head. The panicked woman says that He's Here The scene cuts to a shot behind a man driving in an old fashioned looking vehicle. Classical music is playing in the vehicle, and he brakes to a stop.
The young man picks his phone uup and tells her that is is broken. He asks for 60 buck for it. nA man in a car is then seen driving, with loud music playing and he stops under a bridge. nThe woman is now saying 'he is here, he is here' and the camera pans to the bridge in front of them
The man examines his broken phone on the floor and asks the woman for money to replace it. She ignores him lost in thought. A man is driving in another car, music playing loudly
the woman approaches man and ask to use his mobile phone hes gives her a shot of it shes talking to someone and the starts agueing with the person saying shes going to get the police the person hangs up on her the she proceeds to smash the borrowed phone on the road the guy she lent it from asks for compensation, then a car appears with loud music
The guy asks the woman for  60 bucks because she broke his phone. the woman doesn't repsond to him but she says he's here A man driving a car pulls up, you can only see the back of his head,
The woman walks over to the man and asks to borrow his phone - she is clearly agitated. She speaks to someone and says she will go to the police.  In frustration she throws the phone to the ground and it breaks.  The man asks her for 60 bucks to replace it.  Then another  man playing trenchant music in hi car approaches. Meanwhile her car is slowly rolling down the hill under its own steam!
She is very agitated, the car is rolling away by this time. She walks to the man and asks if she can borrow his phone, she says she wont be long. She walks away from the man as she makes a phone call, she is screaming down the phone and threatening to call the police. She gets really angry as it seems she is not getting the response she wants. She slams the phone on the fall, and it smashes to pieces. The man picks up the phone and politely asks for $60 for his broken phone. She ignores him and continues pacing. A man drives towards the phone both ...
The female driver makes a call using the phone belonging to the man at the bus top and throws his phone on the ground after making the call. She is upset. The man takes the phone back and asks for $60 restitution for the broken phone. Meanwhile we see a mysterious man driving nearby with ominous music playing in the background.
after the woman smashed his phone in anger, the man asked her for 60$ for it. then a car pulled up playing some music. the car was facing the two people but still some distance away from them. 
After the woman smashes the man's phone, he reaches out to pick up the remains of the phone. Crouched down on the ground, still holding the phone, he asks the woman if he could receive 60 dollars for the phone. We then hear the woman exclaim He's here. The shot then cuts to a scene in a car where the camera is showing the back of the head of the driver that has sleeked hair, who is driving.
Wow the woman stopped at the public phone boot possibly to make call but unfortunately the phone boot wasnt working . She walked up to the guy standing at the bus to request for his phone . The guy gave her the phone to make call . nWhile on the calling could feeling the woman been directed to come to the spot possibly in exchange on something ,, She shouted at the person that she will informed the police and broke the phone she borrowed on the ground , The guy just told him phone repair will call her 60p
the man says to the woman 'miss, this phone is broken, do you think i could get like 60 bucks' and she looks exasperated and says 'he's here'. another car pull sup but we see it from the perspective of inside the car. a song is playing that weirdly sounds like the British national anthem, (it isn't). we do not see the drivers facennhe's giving villain 
The bus stop guy asks for $60 for the phone she just broke, while she ignores him. The view then switches to another vehicle driving up on the pair, showing a suited man in a close-dropped hair style driving what seems to be a sports car and blaring out what sounds like a Wagner style classical composition. Presumably, he's the guy the woman was talking to on the phone.
While holding the phone, the guy informs the lady that the phone is broke and asked her if she had sixty dollars to get it repaired. During that time the lady loudly said, He is here. They both look down the road as a a man driving a car with music playing approaches them. The lady walks towards the car.
The woman rushed over to the guy with headphones and asked if she could borrow his phone.He gave her the phone and proceeded to have an angry conversation with the person at the other end of the call.She was hung up on and then smashed the phone on the ground breaking it upon which the headphoned guy asked her for $60 to replace it.The scene then shifted to a guy in a car playing loud music approaching the two of them and stopping a distance away,the woman heard the car and looked.
The woman threw down the man's phone in anger and it broke. The man went over to review his broken phone. He told her she had broken it and that could he get 60 bucks from her. He then asked her if she was ok as the woman looked distressed. In the background a car was driving to the spot where the woman and man were standing, the car was been driven by a man and loud music was playing on the speaker.
The sweaty man in the pink shirt requests compensation for his broken phone, and then questions whether the woman is alright. Suddenly, music (classical?) plays, and we switch to an over-the-shoulder backshot of a another man, seemingly in a suit and driving a nice car, pulling close to the scene, a little bit down the road. We could see the woman and the pink-shirt man in the middle of the road through the windscreen. At the end, the camera switches back to the man and woman looking at the car. 
The man picks up his phone and tells the woman it is now broken and asks her for $60 to pay for it. She then mutters he is here and we see a man in a car approaching the junction and stopping.
The woman (who as you saw doesn't actually look like Molly Ringwold) was evidently distressed by her pacing and fraught manner. The owner of the phone was not quite as annoyed angry as many may have been by her smashing his phone on the ground in frustration, and, bent down to examine it, then, discovering that she'd broken it, asked if there was perhaps 60 bucks that she could contribute, having been the one who smashed it. Meanwhile, we heard some loud music coming from a car and the back of the driver's head as a second vehicle was approaching the area. The driver (short-haired and with an earing in his left ear) pulled up under a bridge about 50 yards from where the woman was standing in the middle of the street. The music coming from the car was loud enough for the woman's attentrion to be drawn, and I guess that we're to assume that this is the person that she is waiting for. (Try and stay awake during the next part.... eh!)
