As a car appears, the man is asking the woman for 60 bucks for the broken phone. A new man gets out of the car,
The woman starts walking over to the man in the car, who is parked under a bridge.  The guy with the broken phone is following her and asking for $60.  The woman is muttering to herself as she's walking towards the man.  The man gets out of the car and stands in the front.
The woman and guy look at the car that has just pulled up. The guy asks her who that is. She doesn't respond. She starts to walk towards the car. The guy asks if he can just have some money for the phone. She doesn't respond so her follows her. She is mumbling to herself. The man in the car gets out. The woman says 'you have gone to far'
The woman walks towards the car that contains the man playing the music. The man waiting at the bus stop follows the woman asking for some money for his broken phone. As the woman approaches, the man in the car turns off his music and gets out of the car. He stands facing the woman as she approaches him, saying he's gone too far. 
The woman walked down the street towards a man wearing a suit sitting in a car. Inside the car, music was playing like an Eastern European national anthem. The man in the pink t-shirt followed her down the street because she broke his phone and he wanted money so that he could replace it.
Another man drives along the road and comes to a stop under the bridge, hiding under the shade of the road a top. His face is concealed as the woman realises he's watching her from a far. The sweaty man, whom the woman borrowed the phone from, asks for some money to replace the phone. She ignores him and begins walking towards the car whilst muttering to herself. The man, again, asks for money to replace the phone but she continues walking on without replying. 
~ after the female has thrown the phone aggressively onto the road in frustration, the man at the bus stop asks her for 60 bucks for a new phone as he cannot use his now broken one - he follows the female who is now walking to the large white car that has pulled up, and a male comes out. the female is looking very angry at him.
The man is asking the woman for some money for the phone she has just broken. The woman does not acknowledge him and starts walking towards a car with a man driving. The man gets out of the car and sits on the front. The woman is walking towards him and says that he has gone way too far this time.
After the woman smashes the mans phone in temper he asks for sixty bucks for it.  She just looks at him and turns around.  There is a car that has pulled under the fly over that is playing dramatic music.  A man gets out of the car and sits on the bonnet looking at the woman.  She goes up to him.
The woman proclaims 'he's here', referring to the man driving in the car. He stops the car - it's an old-fashioned car, matching the outfit he is wearing and the music he's playing. The woman walks towards his car, seemingly enraged by him, while the man who gave her his phone is following her asking for money to replace his broken phone. The man gets out of the car, and leans on the front of it as the woman walks towards him - with the man with the broken phone still following her. She grumbles in response to the man asking for money, and asking her who the man is. 
The woman goes towards a car that is slowly driving towards them, when it stops, she approaches, the man follows saying he wants $60 to mend his phone, but is ignored. The driver of the car gets out.
The man in the black car pulls over a block away for the two and she starts walking the vehicle griping that he's gone too far this time. The man at the bus stop follows behind her asking her for some compensation to replace his broken phone. A clean cut man in suspenders gets out of the car and leans back on the front hood of the vehicle.
The lady starts walking towards the guy in the dark car that pulled up.  The guy with the headphones is still asking for money to replace the phone.  The guy in the car gets out of the car and rests against the hood of the car.
The woman starts walking towards the car parked under the overpass with the man slowly following her. She says,  he's gone to far.
The woman starts walking in a determined way to the new car. The bus stop man asks if she can just give him some money for the phone she smashed, but she ignores him and carries on towards the car. The man in the car stops the engine and gets out. As the woman walks towards him she says this time he has gone too far
The woman starts walking towards the car that pulled up saying this has gone way to far as the man that allowed her to use his phone continues to ask can I get sixty bucks for this and shouting miss, miss she ignores him and continues to aproach the man that pulled up in the car, who has now got out of his car as she storms over to him.
the woman walks toward the car that just came, while the other guy walks behind her asking for like 60 bucks. she whispers this time youve gone way to fair. the man comes down from the car
The woman approaches the man in the car. The headphones guy follows her, asking for money for his broken phone. The man in the car exits and leans against the hood, waiting for the woman.
the woman begins to walk to the car, the man in the headphones follows her a few steps behind, still trying to ask her for some money for the phone. She doesn't turn round or even seem like she's heard him and she keeps walking towards the car determinedly muttering to herself. The driver gets out of the car, it's a tall thin man, the camera follow the woman as she heads towards him saying this time you've gone too far, the driver says nothing, just strolls to the front of the car and sits on the bonnet waiting for her
He asks her for money for his broken phone but she is not listening, she is just approaching the car of a man who had pulled up.She says this time you went too far.
The man is crouched on the floor, picking up the pieces of his broken phone. He asks the woman 'Miss, this phone is broken. Do you think I could get 60 bucks for it?' She ignores him and walks towards the car slowly, muttering to herself. he follows behind at some distance. The man gets out the car laconically, and leans back against the bonnet.
The man in pink asks the woman who's that?. She seems to ignore him and walks towards the car with the mysterious man inside playing music. She is mumbling to herself as she walks. The man in pink asks the woman again to cover the cost of his phone as she has smashed it. The woman ignores him and continues walking towards the car containing the mysterious man. The mysterious man turns off his music, and exits the car. 
The woman views a man in the distance that has parked his car. The woman walks towards the parked car while the man that was waiting for the bus asks if he can be reimbursed for his broken phone. The woman mutters, This time you've gone too far, as she approaches the parked car. The man in the car turns off the music in the car and proceeds to get out, then sits on the hood of the parked car.
The car that was driving stops under a bridge in front of the 2 main characters. The guy is still asking for money for his broken phone while the woman walks towards the car. Someone gets out of the car.
The woman starts to approach the car containing the unknown man (who has emerged from the car and is waiting on the car bonnet) while the sweating man follows, asking her for money to replace his phone, which she has just broken.
The car stops underneath the shadow of the overpass. The woman stares at the car. The man whom she borrowed the phone from asked her if she is going to be replacing the phone. They both walk towards the car, and the man in the car steps out of the car
when making the call she said I will tell everyone, everyone will know, I go to the police. The call ended while she was still talking. she couldn't control her frustration and hit the guy's phone on the ground. And the said to her the Miss the I will need 60 bucks for that. She later notice someone is looking at her from a distance, she decided to go have a look for herself while the guy keep asking her Miss are you okay, I will need 0 bucks for that. Now the person watching her from a distance step out of his car and she said in a distance in lower tone you've gone too far So right we're about to see what happens next
The lady who smashed the borrowed phone said he's here and a man was driving and parked a short distance away. The original bus stop man asked for some money for the phone she broke, she started walking up to the man in the car saying this time he has gone too far. As she gets closer, the bus stop guy kept saying miss? and trying to get compensated. The car guy turns off the car and gets out and leans against the hood as she approaches.
The young man picks his broken phone up off the ground and asks the woman, who's very upset and distracted, if he could be recompensed. In another shot, we see a car driving towards the scene with rather loud classical music playing. The car pulls to a stop and another man, looking sharply dressed gets out and sits on the bonnet. The woman approaches this man saying to herself, You've gone far with this.
The phone guys continues to ask the lady for money to pay for his broken phone, but the lady is fixated on the man in the car. She begins walking towards him, muttering something under her breath as she approaches him. The man gets out of the car and slowly walks toward the hood, where he leans against it. The woman starts saying, This time you've gone too far.
