A man arrives in a car, he is English. She seems to know him. He tells her to calm down and that everything will be OK but she is still agitated. The bus stop guy is still stood there waiting for his $60 to buy a new phone. The man approaches him and gets in his face quietly, and asks, do you know who I am? The bus stop dude looks perplexed and the girl says no one knows who you are you paranoidu2014.
'He's here,' the woman says and they watch a car approach. The man inside is playing classical music. He pulls up and the woman approaches him angrily. The newcomer is also annoyed and wants to know what she's playing at. She's swearing at him and asking him 'where is she?'. The newcomer tells her that everything will be fine. The newcomer wants to know who the bus stop man is, and the woman calls him a friend. The newcomer approaches the bus stop man challengingly, asking 'do you know who I am?'. The woman replies, 'no one knows who you are you paranoid - '. 
The women approaches the man in the car and asks him where is she? the man tells her to calm down.nShe tells him he has gone too far this time. The man notices the other man with the broken phone and asks her who is this?nShe says just a friend. he says a friend?nHe then approaches the other man and says who are you the man explains about the broken phone and that he wants money. The man asks the phone guy do you know who i am? The woman screams at him telling him no one knows who you are and calls him paranoid.
the women and the guy from the car start arguing and he tell here to start behaving and she says fuck you bob, they guy then asks who the other guy is, the women says a friend, the other guy say no im not her friend, shes just broke my phone and i want to get some money for it. The guy from the car then goes up to the other guys face and says do you know who i am
The lady walks up to the car that just pulled up. She was muttering something under her breath then greets a man named 'bob' he addresses her back as 'charelle'. She enquires to somebodys whereabouts, this seems to be what she was getting agitated about earlier. Meanwhile 'bob' asks who the man was who was with 'Charelle' she says he is a friend. The headphone man corrects her and says that he is just someone who was waiting at the bus stop when the lady borrowed and subsequently broke his phone, so he was waiting around for some money so he could replace it. Bob confronts the man and asks him if he 'knows who he is' Charelle chimes in with 'nobody knows who you are'
As they get to the man by the car, they start a conversation. The man by the car asks who the main character is. The woman says that he is just a friend, but the man tries to say that he lent her his mobile and just wants the money for it. The man then asks the main character if he knows who he is, but the woman says no one knows how you are.
The guy who the lady was on the phone pulls up in a black car. The lady tells him the guy who let her use his phone is her friend. He says no I just let her use my phone and she broke it.
So this lady walks over to this british man in a nice car and smart clothing, clearly does not seem like he should be here in this run down part of the town. He calls her Cheryl and he's Bob the guy she was arguing with over the phone, he tells he she shouldnt worry and reassures her but she doesnt seem to feel reassured. So he asks her who the man is (random bus stop guy whos phone she broke), she said its her friend, to which the random guy is very confused at since he just wants his money back and he tells bob that as hes walking up to him. Bob asks him if he knows him and Cheryl comes back calling him paranoid telling him of course he doesnt know who you are bob. I assume he's a drug dealer? its definitely something illegal hes involved in, he did something... since she stated that he was paranoid...in getting caught i believe? 
As the woman walks over to the car, the man shuts down the car, comes out of it and stands in front of it while leaning over the bonnet. The woman screams at the man saying 'What the fuck?' and 'Where is she?'. The man responds in a calm manner saying 'I told you everything will be alright, Chevelle' and 'Who is this man'. At this point the man from whom the woman had taken the phone says who's going to pay for his phone while music from his headphones which are now around his neck is buzzing out loud. The man from the car confronts the man whose phone was broken by the woman by saying - Do you know who I am? At this point the woman interjects by abusing the man from the car.
The woman continued walking towards the man with the car, while the man with the phone walked behind her. When she go to the man, they had an unpleasant exchange of words, with the man with the car asking the relation the woman had with the man with the phone. She told the man with the car that the other man was her friend, which the man with the phone disputed, stating that he just wanted money to replace his phone. The man with the car approached the man with the phone threateningly, asking him if he knew who he was. The woman then told the man with the car that nobody knew who he was.
The woman walks towards the car followed by the guy who is still asking for money for his broken phone.nA man called Bob gets out of the car and asks who the guy following is.nThe woman says he is a friend, but the guy just explains to Bob he only wants money for his phone that the lady broke.
The guy from the bus stops follows that disheveled woman down the road toward a parked car where she seems to know the driver inside. A man exits the car and confronts them both. The bus stop guy is trying to explain that she just broke his phone and he's asking for reimbursement when the man steps in to threaten him. That's when you woke up. 
The woman approaches the man in the car and asks where she is and the man from the car questions the man from the bus stop and sounds arrogant and the bus stop man just wants his $60 for his broken phone.
A man drives up, parks and gets out of the car. The woman angrily approaches him and asks him what the hell Bob? And then asks Where is she? The man tells the woman everything is fine and then asks who the guy is. The guy explains he doesn't know her, he just let her use his phone as the man is angrily approaching him.
The man in the car gets out and sits on the bonnet. He argues back and forth with the lady, who we now know is called 'Shirelle'. The man is called 'Bob', I think. The man then asks who the guy in the red top is. Shirelle says it's a friend and then the guy in the red top proceeds to explain who he actually is and how he just wants money for a new phone. Bob gets up into his face and asks 'do you know who I am?'
A car pulls up and a man gets out seeming to know the woman he then approaches the young man asking him do you know who i am.
the woman started walking towards the man that pulled up in a car, with the guy that his phone was broken right after her,  the woman said fuck you to the man and the man said have told you to stop misbehaving he then asked who is this and the woman replied a friend and the guy said i don't know her i just want her to pay for the phone she broke the man then said do you know who i am
The lady walks up to the car as the man gets out of the car. She tells him that he's gone too far this time. She then asks, Where is she? He responds in a British accent that she needs to behave and stop worrying. He calls her Charelle. She swears at him. He proceeds to ask her who the man standing next to her is. She replies that it's just a friend. He says, Friend? and walks up to the man. The other man explains that he doesn't know Charelle. He's just trying to get some money back from her for a new phone because she just broke his old one. The British man asks the other man, Do you know who I am? Charelle replies, Nobody knows who you are, you paranoid ...
The man who arrived in the car gets out and him and the woman begin having a confrontation. The man who came in the car then approaches the man that was at the bus stop and asks who he is and if he knows who he is, to which the woman replies ''no one knows who you are''.
The woman walked towards the man who had got out of the car. She was angry with him. He told he, in an English accent, that he had told her everything would be OK & it will be. She was still angry & asked 'where is she?'.  She walked toward the car. The man who had been at the best stop had followed her & the other man asked who he was. She replied he was just a friend. The bus stop man told the other man he had only just met her & lent her his phone. He explained that she had broken it & he just wanted some money for it.  The man from the car walked right up to the bus stop man & asked if he knew who he was.  The woman came back to the both of them & said 'no one knows who you are'
The lady and the guy Rob has a back and forth conversation. He then asks her who's this as to referring to the bus stop guy. She says a friend and he clarifies that he does not know her just wanting money for his phone. Rob gets close to his face and says do you know who I am? The lady says no on know who you are.
The woman walks towards the car mumbling to herself while the bus stop man follows her. The woman is called Chanel or Cheyenne and she calls the man in the car. Bob the woman asked Bob, where is she? But Bob asked about the man following her.. she says he's just a friend, but the bus stop man clarifies that he does not know her and that he just wants money for his broken phone. Bob asked him if he knew who he was to which the women replies nobody knows who you are
The woman and the man she has just met continued to walk towards the car as the man inside the car then got out and started a conversation with the woman. They seem to know each by name and the conversation was not a positive one. The man from the car the asks the woman who the phone man is and the woman replies that he is a friend to which the phone man disagrees quickly and says he's only just met her. The man from the car the begins to walk towards phone guy intimidatingly and asks phone guy if he knows who he is. 
An older man in a car approaches the lady and the guy with the headphones. The lady walks towards him when he gets out of the car. She swears at him and says 'Where is my daughter?' The older man walks towards the man with the headphones, asking who he is. The younger guy says, I don't know her, I just lent her my phone. the older guy looks really menacing.
The woman breaks the man's phone, and the man wants 60 dollars to replace it. Another man then arrives in a car and stops under the bridge. The woman confronts the man, and the man in the car then confronts the man with the headphones, who has followed the woman wanting money for his phone. 
A man named bob came in car and the two characters goes to meet him. The female character introduces the male character as her friend of which he tries to correct her and explain he only tagged alone to get some money for his broken phone.
An older man is stood in front of the car, the woman walks up to him and asks where is she? The old man asks about the man whose phone broke, she calls him a friend while he explains the real story. The man walks closer aggressively saying do you know who I am?
The man in the car speaks to the lady and asks her who the man is. She says he's a friend, hesitantly. The man from the car approaches the man in the t -shirt and asks him whi he is and the t-shirt guy tried to explain he just wants some money for the broken phone. 
The woman walks towards the car with the sweaty man following behind her. A man gets out of the car and speaks to the woman and he asks who the sweaty man is, to which she replies that he is a friend. The sweaty man says that he isn't a friend and explains that the woman broke his phone. The man from the car walks menacingly towards the sweaty man and asks if he knows who he is.
The female approaches the car with the gentleman that she said is now here. The unidentified gentleman states that the female needs to start behaving. While this interaction is going on the other male who was on the street with the ice cream is still present asking the female to pay for his phone. The irritated female says to the gentleman from the car Where is my friend.  The gentleman in the car is irritated now and approached the other male and says Do you know who I am?.  The other male states- I am just wanting to get paid for my broken phone.
