bus stop guy, now acting like a dog, crawls (walks on all fours) towards the car and the other barking noise. the other barking noise is coming from a woman. the two of them approach each other and start interacting, sniffing each other. bus stop guy dog is a bit submissive and rolls on his back for a few seconds. the two of them start walking off towards the car together.
the woman shot the majician and he shot her too.   the man and the young girl from the boot of the car crawled around together barking and acting like dogs.
The spell looks like it didn't work as fully expected and Bob checks his notes in relation.nnSuddenly he is shot by the running woman, and manages to return fire killing her. As Bob also dies, the red top man begins acting like a dog; an affect of the spell. As he moves it is shown that another human has also had this cast upon them and the two dogs interact with each other. 
Dog girl and dog boy bark at each other - then sniff each others' butts. Dog boy rolls on his back and shows his tummy. Then crawl off together, barking away.
The woman and Aldini shoot one another with their little pistols. The man from the bus stop becomes conscious, begins to bark like a dog, laps up some of his spilled ice cream from the ground, and continues to bark whilst walking around on his hands and knees. A young woman then appears in the frame, also walking on her hands and knees, barking. They begin to bark, play, and interact with one another like dogs. 
The man and woman shoot each other and are lying on the ground.  The man from the bus stop thinks he's a dog and starts crawling around, barking.  A woman appears (I think she had been in the boot of the car) and she thinks she's a dog too.  They bark at each other and fight a little, then crawl off together
the chap in red, who's now acting like a dog, greets this other woman who is also acting like a dog in the normal way dogs would greet each other, by smelling each others behinds. they continue to bark and growl at each other and wrestle a little bit. then they walk together on all fours in the same direction.
With the main character hypnotized, the woman goes back and is in a shootout with the magician. They both shoot each other. The main character, hypnotized as a dog, barks and moves away, not caring about the situation that just unfolded in front of him. He moves under the overpass and meets a woman hypnotized as a dog like him. Together, they bark and roll around on the road.
The man and the woman, both behaving like dogs, face each other off, and smell each others behinds. They play as dogs do, barking at each other, and crawl off together.
They walk in a circle sniffing each other's bums and they keep barking. At one point she pounces on his back with her hands, then he rolls onto his back, she nuzzles his neck, then they both get up and walk away. Whole time they're barking
the man and women start barking like dogs
The two human-now dogs find each other, sniff each other, and seem to become friends.
The man and the woman, both hypnotized dogs, approach one another and bark, smelling each other and generally feeling one another out.  With both Bob and Shirelle presumably dead, maybe they are stuck like this forever...?
the sweaty man continues to act like a dog, crawling on all fours and barking. He then sees another woman who is also barking and crawling like a dog towards him. They come face to face and sniff bark at each other. They then start to play with each other and then crawl away together.
The woman approaches from the back of the car to Bob, and then shoots him. Bob shoots the woman.  They both die. The bus stop guy is hypnotized into a dog and then starts barking at another dog. Then appears another girl, apparently who was hypnotized by Bob thinking she's a dog too. They both bark at each other and start playing. 
The barking we hard from the car was actually another woman who was acting like a dog. So both the main character and this woman are now barking at each other acting like dogs. They both smell their behinds, just like dogs. They play around together for a second and then are walking away on all fours.
The man at the bus stop and another lady appear to now be both hypnotised and are crawling and barking like dogs
The man is acting like a dog and walks on all fours acting like a dog. They act like dogs together and walk towards the car.
they are both just acting like dogs and barking.
As the female runs over from the trunk of the car, she shoots the magician, and he shoots her back! They both die, and the man at the bus stop is turned into a dog that won't stop barking. Then the female from the trunk starts barking like a dog, and the two sniff each other and start walking away with each other, barking like dogs.
The young man start behaving like a dog and meetsanother young woman, also behaving like a dog. They indulge in canine introductory behaviours before crawling off on all fours together, leaving the two bodies lying in the road.
headphone guy starts barking and acting like a dog whilst the magician and woman both lay on the floor shot. Headphone guy eats melted ice cream then starts to crawl on all fours like a dog towards magicians car and barks. Screen pans to girl in floaty dress and long brown hair also on all fours and barking. The headphone guy and girl meet, bark and then crawl off together on all fours like dogs, barking as they go.
So the Magician starts fiddling with a paper after our boy goes into convulsions and muttering something about it not working right. The lady comes storming back. He tells her to calm down and so she shoothim. He then shoots her back. Our boy starts acting like a dog. A woman comes up acting like a dog too and they start playing together.
The lad crawls towards the sound of the other dog that is barking and then you see that it is actually a woman, they walk towards each other barking and then sniff each and then each others butts, they then play a little and then start walking off while still barking.
the girl and boy continue to bark and play with each other as dogs.
they sniff eachother's butts like dogs do as they continue barking, then play and keep walking together.
The men and women are behaving like dogs still and they approach each other. Sniff each other's backsides and appear to accept one another and start to go off down the road. They stop a little bit to play and then continue on.
The two people became dogs, and barked at each other.
The man who has been hypnotised starts to make noises on the floor as if he's panting. The magician curses realising he's made a mistake and refers to a scrap piece of paper where he was reading his trick from. The woman is now walking purposely towards the magician and pulls out her gun. She fires at the magician and he falls to the floor. The man who was hypnotised is now on all fours and crawling and barking, it is clear he has been turned into a dog. The magician is barely alive on the ground but pulls out his gun and shoots the woman. They are both now dead, leaving the man who has turned into a dog to start crawling towards the car, barking. You hear another noise barking and walking towards him as if it's just escaped the car. It is the dog that was heard whimpering earlier and you can see it is actually a young woman who has presumably also been turned into a dog. The pair both crawl over to each other and start sniffing each other and barking. They start playing together like dogs do. 
The bus guy and new girl continue to crawl around and bark at each other.  It looks like he sniffs her butt.  They then seem like they like each other and start playing together.
