The dog man and dog woman crawl away together. Then, it ends.
The dog boy and dog girl crawl away into the sunset.
The two 'dogs' crawl away together barking.
The man and the woman both crawl off together barking. 
There was just a few seconds. The dog-man and dog-woman crawled off together, presumably to make puppies. The screen faded to black to spare us having to see this.
Both the man and new woman, pretending to be dog, walk away from the car as the picture fades to black.
~ the man from the bus stop is still behaving like a dog, barking and on all fours. a female then appears who is also behaving the exact same way - they start sniffing each other and playing, before walking off (on all fours) down the street.
The man and woman, who are behaving like dogs, walk off together next to the car.
The phone man has met what he thinks is a dog but is really a girl. They greet each other and smell each other and then walk off past Aldinis car.  The screen went black so I am not sure if that was all to this scene
The two 'dogs' walk off together, as the screen fades to black. 
Forgot to mention that the young man now thinks he is a dog. A girl appears from the car and she thinks she is a dog too. They bark at each other but they seem to make friends and disappear to the front of the car.
The puppy man and the puppy woman continue to bark as they continue on past the vehicle. They are both still on all fours.
Nothing was missed.  The screen just went black to signify the end of the movie
The man from the busstop crawls passed the car with a young lady who is also on all fours barking.
We got another second of them crawling past the car together then the screen just faded to black and it ended
The woman I presume from the boot of the car and the man from bus stop, I guess were hypnotized wrongly by bob continue walking on thier hands and knees and barking like dogs down the road and thats the end of that scene. Not much was missed if anything whist you were asleep. 
they walk away like dogs and the screen fades to black
The two human dogs, man and woman, crawl away together towards a graveyard. 
they carry on crawling off together, barking occasionally until the disappear from view round the side of the magicians car
The dog woman and the dog man walk off into the sunset together.
The couple continue to crawl towards the cemetary side by side, barking. The camera fades to black.
The remaining was the ending, the pair - the main in pink and the new woman are still on their hands and knees crawling together and barking. They appear to be going together further away into the distance and it fades to black.
The man waiting for the bus and the young woman both continue to bark. They both crawl away as the scene fades to black.
Nothing really happened here. 
The two dog-people walked past the abandoned car.
The man and woman, barked and crawled off into the distance
After they both shot themselves to death. The crying as I said earlier was not, it's was a teenage adult girl like the guy in the movie. They've both been turn into behaving like dogs. They both bark at each other and they left together braking while going like to dogs friend
You just missed a half a second, the bus stop guy dog and the new girl dog continued walking away, well crawling. Barking at eachother.
There's only a brief few seconds of the young man and the girl, continuing to bark and walk off out of shot. The screen then goes black.
Literally this is the end of the movie. You only missed a couple of seconds. They continue to crawl off into the grafitti-strewn underpass as the film fades to black.
