soilders from around the 1500's came in and took the stone and made him into a canon ball. they shot the canon ball at their enemy ship and he broke one of the masts. he then lands in the ocean
A group of american soldiers takes the rock with a face from the mill.  They then grind the rock with a face into a cannonball.   Then the soldiers fire the cannonball from a cannon when fighting.
The mountain overtime has been overgrown by grass and land. He wakes up to a human chopping a tree on top of him and is woken even more so to more humans chopping wood in the distance. The mountain gets up from the grass and walks over to some leaves to sleep, however is interrupted suddenly when a rope is hung around his nose and pulled by a donkey. The rock is moved into a house where he was made into a corn crusher. Humans enter the house again to carry out the stone circle and is crushed by machines and made into cannonballs. Humans fire the cannon and the ball hits the enemy ship. 
Now soldiers come and take what that rock was made into and remake it into a bomb old style used in a war. They shoot it on to an enemy ship and rock falls into the water.
The mountain with the face has shrunken over the passage of time. Men have eventually salvaged it and used it for their own means, firstly as a turning stone in a watermill, then as a canonball by some Union soldiers on a naval ship (perhaps the Merrimac or Monitor). The last scene showed the stone (still with it's face) being fired.
Stop falling asleep. So after the tock had fallen asleep the season and time had changed, it went from what he knew to a snowy plain and then to a forest, while there humans were walking around him but it was too noisy so he got up and left and went to sleep elsewhere but then they found him and took him back to the village and used him as a stone wheel, after that some solders took him and made him into a cannonball and when fired he fell into the ocean 
2 soliders walked into the mill and took the rock off the mill, they then broke him up and took the bit with his face on, and filed him into a ball. The next screen was on a ship at sea in war, the rock was loaded in to a cannon and blown towards another ship, hitting the ship and falling in to the sea
The bolder that was converted into a wheel was removed by some soldiers. Then it was smashed in a smaller bolder. The army converted the bolder in a cannon ball to be fired from a ship towards another ship damaging one of the sail masts and falling into the ocean. This is where the bolder lay at the bottom of the sea.
After the rock is captured he is in a barn when suddenly the door opens and a bunch of confederate soldiers burst in. They take the rock away and put him under a large rock crusher. He is then made into cannon balls and taken onto a a large warship where he is fired out of cannons and into another ship.
Armed soldiers broke into the mill and stole the rock, they then broke it apart and made it into a cannon ball which was used to fight on the sea. The rock was fired from a cannon and hit the sail of the oppositions boat before falling into the sea and landing on the sea bed.
the rock is refined and broken down into many pieces. it is then placed into a bomb rocket dispenser and fired into a battlefield. we can see the battlefield is the Revolutionary War in America based on Confederate flags. the rock then lands in a body of water.
The rock was being used as a mill and then soldier took it and turned it into a cannonball where it was fired into a ship and broke up falling into the ocean.
The mountain is rolled around in ice until it turns into a boulder, still with eyes and with a nose. The boulder has a tree growing on top of it and a man arrives and cuts down the tree, using the wood to build with other men. The boulder stands up on legs and walks to the side of a hill and sleeps. Suddenly there is a rope placed around the boulder's nose and it is pulled away from the hill and put onto a cart. It is fashioned into a mill stone and used to obtain water from a stream. Men in blue uniforms arrive and dismantle the apparatus and turn the boulder into a cannon ball. They shoot the ball at opposing forces and we see that they are Union soldiers in the United States. Then more happened but I've forgotten the details so we'll get caught up when we start this back up.
Time appears to have moved on again and the rock, who is now a grindstone in a mill, is taken away by confederate soldiers during the American Civil War and smashed to pieces. The conscious part of the rock is fashioned into a cannonball and fired into a ship's mast whereupon he passes through the mast and into the water, sinking to the bottom
The rock that was turned into a pulley was confiscated by an army and then shaved down into a cannonball. The cannonball was then used to fire at an enemy ship and destroy it. Then the rock ended up at the bottom of a body of water.
The mythical rock has begun to go into the industrial revolution era and is used as a projectile in war
Soldiers from the US civil war burst into the mill, confiscating the grindstone, which is then taken to a factory to be industrially crushed and whittled down into a cannonball. To the rock's surprise, it's loaded into a cannon aboard a battleship and fired at a ship belonging to the other combatants. The cannonball is fired through a mast and then continues it's trajectory, eventually plunging into the ocean.
Our mountain, who's now a rock, is taken and made into a cannonball for the American civil war. he's used to blow up an enemy ship, which he does and then sinks to the bottom of the ocean. 
I misspoke about what I perceived the object to be I said previously that it was a mountain but after further viewing the video it appeared that the object is a stone or huge rock. That had traveled through several events such as war and being destroyed in the woods by workers. When the stone was traveling through the scene of war it was used in combat and used as a cannonball. Very interesting to see!
The mountain melts and the ground changes, on top of it, a tree grows, which is then cut off by men. The large piece of rock wakes up and goes to lay down next to another tree. Two men appear to take it to a village, where it's used to build a wheel type thing. nnThen 3 police offers comes to take the rock and drag it to be broken in an area to create balls for cannons to be fired at enemies.
Several guardsmen anter the room where the rock is being worked; it is currently in the form of a disk. The guardsmen take the rock, and pummel shpe it into the form of a cannonball. This ball is placed in a cannon, which it transpires is onboard a ship in the the middle of a naval battle. The battle appears to be possibly be connected to American revolutionary times (considering the ensign on one of the ships). The rock cannon flies through the air, passing through what is presumably a mast.
The mill was entered by a group of civil war soldiers, who take the anthropomorphised rock mill-stone.  They crush it into smaller pieces, fashion it into a cannon ball using a grindstone, and fire it from an old warship at an enemy paddle steamer.
Some soldiers came in and took the rock away from those farmers and then they crushed the rock into small pieces one of the pieces they turned into a cannonball. Then they put the same ball in the canon and shot it at a war they were having with another people.
Soldiers break into the flour mill and take the rock away. The army grind down the stone in to a ball shape and it is used as a cannon ball to sink a ship. The rock drops into the sea where there are fish
The rock has been forced to go through many outside forces, stopping it from resting, This time, the army broke the rock into smaller pieces to use as cannon balls. Leading her to rest at the bottom of the ocean
The Rock that has been woken up and turned into some kind of wheel is taken and turned instead into a cannon ball, it doesn't get to sleep this entire time, and then it is launched, goes through a tree, and just now lands in the water.
Our friend the rock mill stone was taken by the army and broken down into cannon balls which were then fired at British ships & soldiers from what appears to be Old Ironsides.
The rock has been removed from the mill, and changed into a bomb used for war. The rock is shot out of a cannon and into the water. 
The rock got turned from the mill into a cannonball (which is weird because i thought that most cannonballs were made out of iron) then he was shot out from a Union boat and shattered a Confederate boat's Mast while the shot ends with the Union soldiers attempting a boarding action
A military force comes into the room where the rock man is. They pick him up and take him to a crushing machine and crush him. They file down the bits they crushed and make the rock man into a cannon ball. He's then loaded into the cannon and fired out of a ship at another ship. The enemy ship is seen sinking into the water.
