The rock finds a piece of paper and tries to cover himself with it. However a steam roller comes along and flattens him, he breaks into pieces. Then someone comes along and sweeps him up, sweeps him along the street to the beach. He goes into the sand and finds himself with lots of other small rocks.
Laying on the street, the rock reaches out for a soap advert poster to covers it's head before getting rolled over by a steamroller, crushing it to bits. Now the size of a grain of sand it is swept away by a janitor off a seawall onto the beach. The seawall looks on as the sand drops by it. Amongst the other grains the rock wearily grabs another piece of rock for pillow before we cut to black.
The rock covers itself to try and hide however a steamroller approaches and crushes it. A man then sweeps it away in a pile of dirt onto a beach. The rock grabs a small piece of sand shell as a pillow and lies down, looking very tired.
The rock is scared from what just happened so he picks up a piece of trash to cover his eyes. Next he knows is that he's being squished under a steam roller thing and then a man is sweeping him up with other pieces of trash and into the sand and seashells back by the ocean over a small cliff like drop. The rock looking exhausted, picks up a shell to use as a pillow to attempt to go back to sleep
The rock is flattened by a steamroller and partly crushed into a road.  A man later sweeps the road and sweeps the rock of the road into a pile of sand and debris.  The rock looks exhausted and again makes himself a makeshift pillow and begins to fall asleep once more.  At this point the rock is even smaller and is now the size of a coin.
The little rock character was lying on the road and looked tired. As he tried to fall asleep a steamroller ran over him turning him to sand. A street sweeper swept him up and deposited him on the beach. He looked sad.
Our stone, squashed beneath a road roller, is reduced to little more than a piece of grit and is brushed off the road by a cleaner onto the banks of a river in an industrial landscape. Still searching for peace, he finds another piece of grit to lean himself against and tries to go back to sleep.
The rock gets crushed by a heavy vehicle. He then gets swept by a street cleaner into a pile of rocks by the shore. He is finally able to get some rest.
The rock gets crushed by an asphalt roller. Now a pebble, he gets swept back to the shoreline by a street cleaner.
The pebble was grinded up over time. It was swept away by a man with a broom. It became part of the sand at a beach.
He falls into a road and tries to go back to sleep but then a steam roller comes along. He ends up in a trash heap and tries to go to sleep there.
I can't actually remember exactly when you fell asleep, so I apologise if I'm repeating some information you already know. The rock is hit by a car and is ground down between the swirling gears in the engine. The smaller rock falls to the floor and discovers some sort of tissue or newspaper. He uses the object as a blanket and tries to settle down for a nap. Unfortunately, the rock is still in the road, and the next vehicle that appears is a steam roller. Still attempting to nap, the rock is run over and crushed into a minuscule piece. The rock is then swept up with other pieces of debris by a road cleaner. The worker sweeps all of the dirt and the rock to the edge of the road, and then with one sweep of his brush, sends the rock tumbling down onto the beach. There, the rock once again tries his best to find a suitable place to sleep. 
The rock gets steamrolled and all that remains now is a tiny pebble. The pebble is swept with some dirt onto a beach. The rock leans against some seashells, looking tired.
The pebble gets crushed by some construction equipment. He ends up being sweeped away to the beach, where he takes a rock and finally rests his head upon it. He looks tired.
The rock got run over by a construction truck, which turned him into pebbles the size of the sand grains. The pebble is very sad and tired. He tries again to lay down and get some rest. 
The pebble is on the street in the middle of the road, he tries to use a piece of rubbish to cover his body. Fast approaches a steam roller which rolls over the little pebble and crushes him completely. He has been sucked up into the chamber of the steamroller and is lying among other (inanimate) fragments. The steamroller drives onto an (animate) cliff edge and tips out the contents of the chamber onto the cliff (dust). A man comes along and sweeps the pile of dust onto heaping sand next to the cliff. The cliff looks at the pile of sand below it almost with disdain. The camera zooms into the sand composition and we realise the pebble is now just a grain of sand dust. He looks so weak and tired, he shakily grabs another fragment of rock to use as a pillow and lays himself down. The screen goes black.
The rocks picks up some paper to cover itself. Then a roller comes along and rolls over it. The rock is amongst lots of other particles which are swept along the road and off the cliff into a pile on the beach. The rock picks up another item to try to make a bed to sleep on
The rock is laying in the middle of the road and gets ran over by a bulldozer that is riding through. It then ends up in a garbage heap where it is laying on top of.
The rock uses rubbish on the ground to cover itself and then it gets squished by a roller, so it is smaller, and then a man sweeping the ground sweeps the rock onto the beach. In the pile of rubbish on the beach, the rock take another piece of rubbish to use it as a pillow and starts to fall asleep again.
Still laying in the road a large steamroller appeared and smashed the rock into many small pieces which were quickly swept up by a street cleaner who was seeping stones all the way to the beach .At this point, he was barely more than sand or a pebble. Looking sad and defeated he tried to rest once more.
The small stone left lying in the street picks up a piece of paper to cover itself and sleep. A large roller come down the road and grinds the stone down even more. A sweeper come by and sweeps the now very small stone off the street and onto to the beach in front a large stone wall with another face.
The rock tries to sleep in the street but is then crushed by a road roller, now even smaller he is swept onto a beach by a street sweeper.nTried, he picks up a smaller rock to use as a pillow and finally go to sleep
The rock covers itself with a piece of paper and a bulldozer runs over the small rock. During this time the rock gets swept away with a broom and lands on top of a pile of other rocks.
rock gets picked up by road sweeper and tipped onto beach.nthe rock curls up on a nother rock to go to sleep
The rock finds itself ojn the road. It's then crushed by stream roller. It then finds itself relocated to beach like location. It finds itself a comfy place tehn tries to go to sleep but is interupted at the end by something unknown.
The rock is on the road and is crushed by a rolling machine. The bit that is left is poured on the beach where the rock cuddles up to a pebble
The rock is even smaller and ends up in sand. 
After the rock gets rolled out into the street, it breaks again and a man kicks the rock and hits a man. The rock is then back on the street where it gets steamrolled to a smaller rock. It then travels near a body of water where it tries to sleep again.
The rock fell into the road and was crushed by an on going bulldozer. He was crushed up into a tiny piece of dust and was swept off the road with lots of small particles of dust by a man with a broom. The sad rock fell into the rubbish and small bits of debris discarded by man.
The rock is on the road, and tries to cover its head with a piece of litter. However, a road flattener then runs over it, making it even smaller. It is then swept off of the edge of the road onto the beach by a man with a broom. The rock then tries to get comfortable amongst the other pebbles on the beach.
