The rock stood up and walked into the forest. He laid down on another rock. Humans came and attached a rope around him, then dragged him off. They put him on a cart and he went to some buildings. They chipped away at him and used him as a millstone. 
the rock is woken up by people building behind it. it decides to go  into the forest and sleep there but people come and pick it up, process it and turn it into a mill stone.
The rock stood up out of the ground and walked away. It was laying down on the side of a hill when some men came over to take it away. One of the men tied a lasso around its nose to pull it up. Another man pushed it off the hill. It was put into a wagon getting pulled by a mule and the men took it away. They brought the rock to a farm to be used as equipment.
The rock is unhappy at being disturbed so lifts himself out of the ground and finds a new place to rest in the woods next to another large rock. But just as he settles into place a rope is thrown over him and he is moved onto a cart and taken away. He is then outside a building with men using chisels to reshape the rock. We then cut to the rock inside and he has been changed to a stone wheel as part of a water wheel.
the rocks still sleepy as people start to build a village around him. He pulls himself out of the ground and walks into the woods where he finds some moss to use as a pillow and try's to fall asleep again. But - the villagers tie a rope to his nose, put him on a cart and craft him into a mill stone.
The rock can't sleep because there is a group of people around him chopping up wood and making too much noise. The rock pulls himself out of the ground and walks off the left of the screen to a forest area. He finds a plush lump of moss growing on a wall and he falls asleep on it, using the moss as a pillow. He is woken up because he has a rope tied around his nose and he is being pulled by a donkey. He is then shown being cleaned and sanded by people, and then used as a wheel in a machine with a belt around him.
The rock was annoyed by the noise nearby humans were making as they were building, so it went off into the woods to sleep. It had just laid down when the humans returned and dragged him away to become a millstone in the mill.
the boulder wakes up to the sound of humans chopping wood and walks back in to the forest to go back to sleep. he is woken up again by humans who moves him to their village where they reshape him and turn him in to a wheel to use in some type of mill
The rock, now a size of the boulder, wakes up and walks slowly  into the nearby forest.  Finds a nice patch to rest on and shortly gets captured by some people who start turning him into a wheel shape, presumably for transport purposes.
Oh, it was a rock forming a hill, and time had passed so much that continental drift occurred and mountains, and the skyline changed. The rock, then was displaced by man building a village. Then the rock was taken and chisel down to become a wheel.
When the rock opens his eyes there are a group of men build a homestead from wood like the tree they chopped down. He's still sleepy so he pulls himself out of his hole and wanders off into the forest. He finds a cliff with some comfy vegetation that he plups up as a pillow and he lays down to sleep again. Then a rope lands around his nose and he's pulled away from the cliff. Then, tied up and put on a cart he's taken back to the village where he's ground down to make a quern stone. 
The rock wakes up when someone starts cutting down the tree that grew on top of it. All the noise from people cutting trees and working causes him to lift himself out of the ground and walk away. He finds a mound in the forest and decides to fall asleep there. He's woken up by some workers who dislodge him and cart him over to their village. They carve him down into a wheel shape, and put it looks like they make him into the grinder part of their mill. 
The rock is woken by men chopping wood. He walks away and leans on a hill and goes to sleep. Men arrive and lasso him with a rope around his nose. They load him onto a cart and take him away where they grind him down to make a mill stone. It went off when he was going round and around.
The bigvrock, which was once a mountain but became smaller through the evolution of tima and it's elliments, was trying to catch a nap, as people around him, tried to build a town or village, so he uprooted himself and moved location but these people just came and dragged him back, then machined him into the shape of what looked like a windmill grindstone
The Rock stepped up out of the ground and walked over to a big rockface. It brushed some bushes and then went down to sleep. However, a worker tied a rope around the Rock's 'nose' and used a Donkey to pull the Rock off. You then saw workers using the Rock in a factory setting.
Humans start constructing next to the rock, who hates the noise so much he gets up and walks away. Finding a quiet area in the woods, he lays down to sleep again. Next time he is work by humans who dig him out, clean him up and turns him into a mill stone. 
The rock was disturbed by the sound of people building a village nearby. It uprooted itself and walked into a forest, there it collapsed on the side of a hill and slept. A rope was then lassoed around its nose and it was taken on a cart back to the village. In the village, two people started shaping it into a circle so it could be used in a mill. 
The rock gets woken up by all the noise and lifts itself out of the ground. It walks away to get away from the noise and finds a bigger rock to fall asleep against. Once its asleep the humans come and pry it off the mountain, put it on a cart, and whittle it down to a wheel. The wheel is being used for some kind of machine.
The Rock wakes up to a noise next to him of men doing some construction. So it decides to get up and go find a new place to sleep. It finds the spot and gets comfortable. After a short while there's a noose thrown and wrapped around the Rock' nose and it wakes up to find men around it again. This time they pull it out of position then throw it on a wheelbarrow. They then transport the rock to a construction site where they chisel and cut away at the Rock. Then it ends up as a flat rock used as a turnstile mechanism of some sort.
The rock finally woke up. When it woke up, there were people building, and cutting down things right where the rock was sleeping. It was too loud for the rock to sleep so it got up and moved to a quieter spot to rest. It woke up again to someone grabbing its rock nose. They took the rock and used it as building material. 
The anthropomorphic rock, having had a tree cut off from its head, rose out of the ground on two wooden legs. It walked away from the two men sawing wood, later resting on a tree. While asleep it was carried away by some villagers and turned into something resembling a stone wine press.
The rock awoke to people chopping around it and felt disturbed. It stood up to move to a quiet location near some trees and shrubs. The people went to find the rock and forcefully dragged it back. They then started to work on it by cutting and shaping it and took the rock into their workplace. 
The rock was irritated by the humans and pulled himself out of the ground. Then he went to find a quiet place to sleep and laid down. But the humans yanked him out of the ground by his nose and started fashioning him into a wheel.  
The lump of rock woke up while the people in the background were doing woodwork. It stood up, took a few steps toward a rock ledge and fell over straight back to sleep when it reached it. The people threw a lasso over its nose and loaded it onto a horse drawn cart. They transported it some distance with the lasso still in place.
The rock got woken up by a bunch of woodsmen chopping in the forest so it got up and found a new spot to sleep. Then some other men came and pulled it down off of where it was sleeping and turned it into some kind of tool in their workshop.
the rock gets woken by the men working he moves to a nearrby trrree to  sleep the men capture him and carve hyim into a milliing wheel
The rock woke up and move itself. It then was captured by some farmers and moved to be made into a wheel for a mill. 
The rock is disturbed from sleep by the noise of the men chopping wood. It stands up and walks to a forested area. It attempts to become comfortable against another rock (with some leaves as a pillow), and settles down to sleep again, but is once again disturbed, this time by a rope being tied around its 'nose' and being hauled by a donkey, cart and man. nThe rock is then shown being whittled and sanded down by men outside a workshop.
It was about a rock going through many things over what seemed like centries. It should weather and seasonal changes it went through, natrual hazards, and civilizations.
The rock trundles off in to the forest and rests against a hillock falling asleep.  Suddenly he's woken by a group of Amish people dragging him back to the village where he is shaped into a millstone to grind flour.
