The rock was found by an archaeologist who seemed to find an interesting fossill inside of him. He gets excited and then next scene the rock is in a museum. The rock doesnt look happy and then a boy scares him through the glass and the rock falls backwards and out of the display case. 
Remember how the rock went through being used as a weapon in the war right and went through the water and finally lands in a place to take a nap? Guess what he was then discovered by an archaelogist who is thrilled to see it is a specimen and then displays him in a museum for people to take pictures, suddenly this person startles the rock by coming upfront against the display and the rock falls back and stumbles onto a corridor
An anthropologist collects the rock and, because the rock has dinosaur fossils embedded in it, puts it in a museum. While the rock is in a glass display case, a scary-looking kid puts his face against the glass and knocks the case over. The rock falls out of the back of the case.
The rock was later put in a musuem. The rock was scared a a missed teeth boy.
An archeologist found the rock and discovered a fossil on the back of him and was delighted and took him to a museum where he was put on show along with other rocks with fossils in them. A scary boy came and poked his face onto the glass case and the rock dropped backwards and fell out of the case.
A man discovered the broken rock that turned into a fossil with a bug in it. He became famous and put the fossil up as a display. A kid knocked the fossil down, now we are gonna see what it becomes this time.
the rock is woken from its slumber by an archaeologist who picks it up and notices that it contains a fossil. He gets very excited and  you next see the rock on display in a museum with many people watching, then a child jumps out and knocks the rock of it's display...
The rock was found by a collector who saw a fossil on the back side of the rock. The collector took the rock to be displayed in a museum with other fossilized rocks. Somebody pushed against the display case and the rock fell out of the display case
The rock is picked up by an archeologist and is turned around to reveal a trilobite fossil. The archeologist is excited and labels it 'K. Invius', and exhibits it in public inside a wooden case. A young boy thrusts his face against the window of the cabinet, shaking it, and the rock falls backwards through a curtain and out of the cabinet.
Sleeping rock is woken up by a man who is trying to find fossils. He brushes the rock and turns the rock over and found a fossil on the rock. The man gets excited, puts the rock in his bag and runs off. Next, we see a photograph being taken of the rock in a display with other fossils at the Museum. People are admiring the fossils when a child bangs on the glass of the display unit and the rock falls backwards out of the display. 
The rock (with a face) gets washed up on beach and discovered by a fossil hunter who finds a fossil on its back.  It ends up as a display in a museum and a boy jumps against the cabinet and it falls out of the back onto the floor.
An archaeologist finds the rock and sees a fossil in it.  He takes it to a museum where he's displayed among other rocks but is still looking really fed up.  Lots of people are crowding around the glass exhibit to make notes about the rocks and fossils.  A small child bangs on the window display and knocks the rock out of the back of the display unit.  The museum cleaner has just entered the room the rock is in.
The rock was found by a geologist who noticed how unique it is and he took it and placed the rock in a museum so others could admire it's beauty. While the rock was setting in it's display it was somehow knocked over and looks to have fallen into a janitors cart.
What appears to be an archaeologist came by and picked up the rock, brushed it off and seemed to have found something embedded in him. He took him back to be put on display in front of a large audience. A kid came up to the window and it scared the rock and he fell out of the display area. 
A hand reaches down and picks him up. He is then dusted off by what I perceived as a geologist. The man gets excited and scurries off. He is then in a display case with other rocks like him at a museum, he is seen as a fossil. An over eager boy presses his face against the case shaking it having the rock fall backwards, through a red curtain wall and out to a hallway where a janitor is approaching.
The rock is picked up by an archaeologist, the archaeologist turns the rock around and sees that it has a fossil inside the rock. The archaeologist puts the rock into his suitcase and takes the rock away.nnThe archaeologist takes the rock to a museum where the rock is put into a display cabinet with other rocks that have fossils inside them.nnA boy jumps up at the display cabinet which rocks and moves the rock leading to the rock falling out the back of the display cabinet and under the floor boards.
The rock, thinking he has finally found a place to rest, sets down in the forest to sleep. Once he does, he is picked up by an archeologist! Once dusted off, its clear he has a fossil inside him. The museum takes him and lots of people take pictures etc of the rock. 
The rock has engravings of ancient fossils on it. The archaeologist was pleased to discover this and took the rock away with him.nnWe find the rock being kept in a museum, alongside other rocks with fossil engravings. nnThe rock has just been knocked off of its pedestal.  
oh, not a free it was a rock. the rock had to go to some process again, some guy came and picked him up and used as a missile or something and then the rock ended up to another place, again he was picked up by someone for some experiment or for something else.
A man basically came and picked up the rock and what happened next was that it was considered an antique and it was put in a museum. I also did notice that the rock was seen by other people and it was somewhat admired as well. The rock seems to be communicating with other antique artifacts.
The rock is picked up by an archaeologist, and is revealed to contain a fossil.  The archaeologist puts the rock in a museum, where the rock is observed by humans all day.  The rock looks into the eyes of the rock next to it.  
After climbing out of the sea, the rock once again seeks a comfortable place to sleep. However, he is discovered by an archaeologist as he has an ammonite in him. He is taken to a museum and placed within a dinosaur exhibit. A child then knocks the display causing the rock to fall.
The rock has been asleep for some time and is woken up to being picked up by a man inspecting him. The rock has a fossil in it now and the man who picked him up appears very excited to have found the rock. The rock is taken to a show alongside other fossils and is judged by the crowd. The rock is behind glass when a child comes up to the glass and scares the rock, and he falls backwards.
An archaeologist finds part of the broken stone in the ground with a bug inside of it, and takes it to a museum. A kid puts his face up to the glass and knocks the stone down
The rock fell asleep again on a glove, before being picked up by an archaeological looking man who was excited to see a fossil of some sort inside the rock. It then cut to a museum where the rock was displayed alongside a lot of other rocks with fossils in, then a person enthusiastically shoved their face against the display glass which knocked the rock backwards out of the display. 
Just as the rock was getting to sleep again it was picked up by an archaeologist and found to contain a fossil. It was photographed in front of a crowd and placed in a museum where large numbers of people were watching it. Then someone who was looking closely at it knocked it from its display case.
A man picks up the rock and realises it is a fossil. He then sells it to a museum in which a child knocks the rock off the viewing platform.
The sleeping rock is picked up by a researcher who dusts it off and turns it over to find a trilobite fossil embedded in the stone. The man takes the rock with him. The rock is put on display with other rocks containing fossils behind a window. A boy suddenly smacks into the glass which causes the stone to topple backwards off his shelf and behind the display where we see a janitor come walking down the hall.
The stone gets an insect stuck to him and is picked up by a mad professor who puts him into his brief case and takes him to be shown at a museum. A young child then knocks the stand over with the stone tumbling away
As the rock was sleeping a archeologist found him tucked in a glove, while he was observing it he saw a fossil on the back of the rock. Excitedly the archeologist ran away and placed the rock in a public display among other rocks. While the crowd was observing the fossils a young boy jumped against the glass which startled the rock and resulted in him falling from the display.
