The rock walked off into the forest to find somewhere to sleep. It was then foundby what looked like farmers who carted him off with a horse. He was taken to a mill and carved down to for a stone than looked like it was milling down flower. Then it just showed him spinning around.
Remember that large mountain that eventually become a large rock? Well, he was woken up by a few men cutting down trees so he decided to uproot himself and go to another area and have a nap, only within a few minutes, the men carried him to a place and start working on him and carving him up and made him like a flat disc around the wheel which kept spinning
The rock sprouted tree legs and walked away from the people. But the industrious people ended up removing him and using him in their machinery.
Rough usage of rock was what happen through out.
The rock wandered away from the homestead and found a comfy spot to lay his head. In no time the men from the homestead came with a rope, a stick and a horse drawn cart to pry him up and take him back to the homestead, they then chiseled and sculpted him until he was shaped like a millstone and he was used to grind the flour.
People came and cut down the trees. The rock got up and went to lay down. People came with a mule used the mule and rope to pull or bring the rock to a windmill. So the people turned the rock into a device to help them make flour or something. 
due to the noise the rock gets up and moves away into the forest to sleep. It's woken up as men come to excavate the rock and then proceed to work it into a milling stone, where the rock goes round and round and round.
The rock got up and walked into the forest to find some peace. However the people came and moved the rock onto a cart and took it to the village. In the village the rock was put to work as a millstone at a windmill
The rock walks into the woods to escape the noise made by the humans. It plumps up some bushes and prepares to have a nap. As soon as the rock closes it's eyes, it's nose is lassoed by three humans and is transported by donkey into the settlement. People work the rock into a circular shape and create a millstone, which is then used to grind flour. The rock begins to get dizzy from spinning around inside the mill, and it shows windows rotating very quickly as though seen from the rock's viewpoint.
The rock stops at the side of a hill and lays down to sleep but as soon as he does a rope wrapped around his nose. The rope is attached to a donkey with a man guiding the donkey. They pull the rock out of the ground and lay him on a wagon which is taking to a village. At the village the rock is sanded down and made into a grinding wheel inside a house where they make flour. Out of the window you can see the changing of the seasons.
The stone lies down somewhere quieter but is lassoed by a couple of men who cart it away and fashion it in to a mill stone to grind whet in a watermill.  The stone becomes upset at being spun around constantly.
The rock went in to the forest to escape the settlement being built but then some humans pulled him away from another rock and started to work on him to get him to a perfectly circular shape.  He's then being used in a water powered flour mill to grind flour but is feeling really dizzy and sick from just going round and round all the time
The rock had found a nice quiet place to fall asleep but as soon as it fell asleep some carpenters had pried it out of the ground and put it on a cart to take it to their area where they had built a water mill. The rock was shaped into a big turning stone that ground plants into flour from the water wheel turning the grinding stone.
The rock went to lay on a hillside and then humans came and transported him back to their place with a wagon. They proportioned him into a circle and used him as part of their waterwheel. 
The rock walked through the woods and found a surface. He adjusted the leaves on it and leaned against it. The people threw a rope over his nose and then put him in a trolly and pulled him to where they wanted. He then was sanded down and was used as some kind of wheel to make something for the people. They zoom out and you see other rock people being used.
The rock walks into the forest and finds another nice rock that it can go to sleep on. A few moments later the rock is woken up to a piece of rope wrapped around its nose. The rope is attached to a donkey with 2 humans prising the rock out of the group and on the a cart that is pulled by the donkey.nnThe rock is taken back to the humans village where it is sanded down into a wheel like shape. The rock is then put into a water mill where it helps the humans grind down wheat into flour.
The rock was annoyed by all the sounds of the humans and so goes off to sleep peacefully. However, he is soon captured by humans! He is taken to the human land and made into a wheat mill! He is very sad and forced to produce flour. The rock is now a flat flour mill. He gets dizzy as he is being spun around. 
The rock left the village and found a cozy place to sleep. While he slept, a villager caught the rock with a lasso and brought the rock to his village.nnAt the village, the rock was processed into a grinding stone on a water mill.nnThe rock feels like it's going crazy from all the spinning. 
There was a tree who shifted from place to place, wanted to escape from people but they caught him and made him some kind of machine that blends some kind of wheat.
The segment that I just watched basically shows that a rock was taken by some people who want to use it for purposes involving manufacturing and industrialization. It is basically showing that they have changed the rock and manipulated it in order for their own personal needs.
The rock falls asleep.  Some men come by and put the rock on a cart.  They carry the rock into town, and then they turn the rock into the central component of a windmill.  The rock looks horrified by what has happened to it.  
The rock walks into the forest and find a nice comfortable area to sleep. He is rudely woken up by two men and a donkey when he is lassoed by the men. He is then put on a cart and taken to their village where he is shaped into a circle and placed in a flour mill where he becomes dizzy from spinning all the time. 
The rock wakes up and wanders off, but is found by men chopping trees and they collect the rock and put it in a wheelbarrow to take home. The rock appears confused and is taken and used in machinery to make cement, and he is spinning around and we see his view from the window spinning. The rock is dizzy. There is a shot of outside and there are other rocks with eyes watching.
The large stone that has been cut up starts to walk away and starts to rest on a large rock. Then the workers who are digging up the land come and take the stone away by rope, rolling it to their workshop and using it for various things
The rock wandered in the forest and found what it thought was a cosy spot to sleep. Then 2 men with a wagon showed up and tied a rope to it's nose and hauled it away on a cart. They used it as a per of a mill where it was forced to spin around and started getting dizzy.
The rock went into the forest to escape the humans, where it tried to get to sleep. But it ended up being carried away by other people with a donkey and then turned into a spinning wheel operating in a mill, where it was put to hard work and didn't like the situation.
The rock walks towards another rock and then falls asleep. Then men take the rock and make him into a part of a machine in which it is forced to spin.
The rock walks into the forest and finds a comfortable spot to lay down. As it is sleeping, a rope is thrown around his nose. He is pulled onto a wagon by a group of men. He is taken to a village and shaped into a gristmill wheel. The rock is then used to grind flour for a long time.
The stone wals over to rest against a tree but two men lassoo him and carry him back to a workshop where they mould him into a flat circle of stone to work a water wheel.
The drowsy rock walked over to a tree deeper in the forest to rest. While falling asleep, two workers caught him by throwing a rope around his nose and take him to their village. While there he first got shaped into a round stone and fulfilled various duties for them like wheat grinding, as a gear, part of a pulley system.
