The piece of rock is thrown by a man into his lady's window and hits a man she is consorting with.  It then flies through the air and goes through an open window and onto the road.  It is then driven over by a steam roller and made into a much smaller piece.
The rock is now in more modern times and is thrown through a window and then tumbles across the city streets. It is getting smaller and smaller. 
The rock goes through a whirlwind of city living. He is kicked by the person on the street and then picked up by him and thrown through a window, he then get dropped back out into the street where he is run over by a truck and the, ground up in the gears of the truck engine. He is then run over by a piece of construction equipment where he is finally spit out onto the street and covers himself with a piece of trash. 
A man is seen walking down a city street, casually kicking the rock from the previous clip, which is no longer a cannonball but much smaller - about the size of a tennis ball. The man hears loud music coming from a neighbouring apartment. In anger, he grabs the rock and throws it up through the apartment window, where it bounces out the other side and down into the street. Looking dazed and confused, the rock is eventually run over by a steamroller, which crushes it into the road surface.
After escaping the fossil exhibit, the rock is thrown from house to house, to store fronts and eventually in the middle of the road. There are cars banging into the rock and one eventually shaves him down to the size of a pebble, getting smaller and smaller. The rock just wants to lie down and rest, but he cannot get any peace, as there is always a distraction.
the rock is in the city now and got crushed by a steamroller
The rock is picked up by a man on the street and thrown through the window of an apartment building. It goes through the window and out the other side and lands on the street. A car then runs it over and it is caught in the car engine and growned down by an engine cog. It then falls on the street and is then run over by a road roller and ends up as a very small rock. 
A man throws the stone through the window of an apartment, where it seems that a woman he likes is with another man. It bounces out through a window on the other side and then gets crushed by a street roller. We then see it mashed together with other stones, presumably as gravel under the street.
The rock manages to escape the ocean only to be collected as a museum specimen and then reduced to a mere pebble due to various unfortunate circumstances.
the rock waqs thrown through a window. The rock hit a man in the face and bounced off the piano. The rock went out the other window, slid down a canopy of a shop and ended up on the road. It got carried into a car from the wind of the travelling cars speed and the rock became smaller again. It then ended up back on the road, where it was flattened.
A jealous guy picks up the rock and throws it thru the window were his girlfriend and her admirer are seated. The  rock hits him in the face and lands on the street. It is picked up by the cars intake and in ground into a smaller size in the cars engine.
The rock was scared in the museum by a little boy, fell backwards into a cleaning trolley, it then ended up outside on the street got picked up by a man who threw it through a window into a house it then bounced out over canopy's and ended up on the road putting a piece of paper over it till a steam roller went over it and it got even smaller in size!
The gets thrown through a window and lands in the street. After getting ground down even more by a car engine, the rock gets run over by a steamroller.
After finally having a chance to rest in an Museum the well traveled facial was knocked from the display and ended up in the road , picked up and thrown threw a window landed back in the street and crushed . now small as a pebble. 
He gets carried on getting abused again getting smaller smaller
The Rick is now much smaller more like a stone. It has been thrown out onto the street where a man picks it up and throws it through the window of a house. It goes through the window, over a piano and out the other side back onto the street. Here it rolls into the road where cars pass over it. It gets caught between some blades which grind it some more. It comes to rest on the floor where if finds a paper and covers itself with it.
A man picks up the rock and throws it throw a window, it hits another man and goes out the other side of the building falling onto the road. It gets run over by a car and goes into the engine where it breaks into smaller pieces and falls out onto the road again where it gets run over by a steamroller and crushed.
the rock comes out of the water and is little the rock d walks through time and finds a tree to lie beside. an archaeologist finds a rock that has a fossil implant and rushes away and the rock finds itself in a gallery where people are taking photos. a kid comes along and jars the rock and the rocks fall out through a stuffed lion's head into a janitor's bin can and are thrown away. a man kicks the rock while walking and a steam roller rolls over the rock
The rock lands on an ocean bed, and then it walks up to a tree and falls asleep when it is woken up by an archeologist, who takes the rock and places it in a toolbox. The rock is placed in a museum, where a child scares the rock and the rock falls backwards into a vent and lands in a janitor's trolley. Then the janitor throws out the trash onto a street, where it is kicked by a person and then picked up and thrown into a window of an apartment complex where it hits a man on his forehead and bounces off and breaks into smaller pieces. The rock ends up in a car's engine between mechanical gears, then it falls to the ground and is crushed by a construction vehicle.
The rock is thrown by the guy kicking him into a window containing a couple and then out the other window. It picks up a note of cash and tries to sleep, with an incoming car missing it. It then arrives inside the next incoming car where it is grinded against the gears. Afterwards a big roller appears and grind the rock even further
 The rock is then washed up by the current on the shoreline, where it is found by an arcaeologist, whom finds a fossil on the back of it and collects it into a wooden box. The rock is then taken to a museum where it is observed by a large gathering of humans. A child then bangs on the glass which causes the rock to fall out of its display cabinet and into a cleaners mop bucket, which is then thrown in the trash. The trash containing the rock is thrown onto the street where a passerby begins kicking the rock. The rock is then thrown through an apartment window, ending up back on the street. Where it is crushed by a tarmac roller into a tiny pebble.
then the small rock washes up on the beach then a man collects him because he is a fossil then a man throws him thou a window   then on to a road where a road flatter  crush him 
The rock is flung around through an animated sequence which takes place during the great depression (as rather clumsily shown by a storefront that just says depression). After each encounter with smashy stuff, such as a steam roller, the rock is ground down to be a really small pebble. I've made you a coffee. Drink it.
A man throws the rock and it goes through a window and out the other side landing on the road. It is run over by a car and gets caught by the wheels before being freed.  It is then run over by a steam roller
Poor Mr Rock was thrown threw somebody's window, hit by a car and then run over by a steam roller. He's now tiny!
The rock was picked up and thrown through a window. It landed outside on the road and was run over by big trucks. It tried to shield itself from the road traffic
The stone was lying on the street. An angry man, unsuccessful in love, picked it up and threw the stone through a window, where it hit his love rival on the head, before rebounding out through another window. It then soared over a dole queue, before landing on another road. As it lay, it was crushed by a steam roller, and reduced to road aggregate as it lay amongst other shards of rock.
The man who was kicking the rock, threw it through a window, where it knocked a man out and then rolled out another window and into the road.  it was then swept into a car engine where it was broken down more. Once it was chucked out the engine it tried to sleep in the road where it was squashed by a steam roller. 
The rock got thrown through a window smashing the glass and hitting someone on the head. He bounced outside, got swept up in a car and went round in the engine then fell back out in pieces onto the road. He then got run over by a steamroller. 
The rock was kicked further along the street by a man, However that man then picked up the rock, It went through a window and out the other side. To hear it ended up in the road, It went through a car engine and got smaller again before he landed, He thought he was safe so covered his face with a paper, only for a stemmer to come along and break him up into smaller pieces, showing the mighty rock was now looking like a tine stone
