the little rock person (being turned into a glass for space ship glass window) crashed into Saturn and there it found peace it was longing for.
The rock is now at rest in the new planet that it crashed into.
The rock is now very big again.  It looks around the rather pastoral scene in front of it with a lake and some vegetation.  It seems to sigh contentedly and then closes it's eyes to sleep again?
the rock who is now a mountain on another planet does a big tired sigh that ripples the lake in front of it, and finally closes its eyes, presumably sleeping.
it looked like he ended up back somewhere like from where he started as a big rock with a lake in front of him, he had a big sigh and then just sat there 
After landing on a new planet far from earth, the rock turns into what it once was on earth. Now part of nature, filled with peach, and a new beginning, the rock is happy!
The newly formed rock notices what is happening on the new planet, with a pool and plant forms growing, and exhaustedly goes off to sleep again
The rock, now a mountatin again, finally closes its eyes and sleeps.
The big rock is now back in it's original place.
The Rock was on his new planet, took a big breath, looked around and exhaled. That was the end. 
The rock ends up as the same big mountain he initially was in the beginning. He still looks extremely exhausted after all he has been through. He lets out a sigh.
The rock continues looking around. Takes a deep breath and exhales. Then, with a sign of comfort, the rock looks relieved and closes his eyes as it expects to finally fall back to sleep. 
the rock is now a huge mountain and he closed his eyes and went to sleep
The rock is turned into a piece of glass which is used on a satellite. He is sent into out space, with astronauts watching his progress on a screen back on earth. He ricochets off of a bunch of space rocks and cracks. He heads toward a new planet, and he melts upon entry to the atmosphere. He collides with the ground, and then is reborn into a new mountain similar to how he began. 
The rock looks shocked, and takes a big breath outwards, which creates a gust of wind and causes the grass on the ground to move, then the rock closes its eyes while looking sad
The rock after reforming on the new plant, is finally at peace again
The rock after being turned into glass was built into a satellite, this satellite crashed onto a new planet where it was converted back into a rock and a new mountain was created. The rock seemed to have fallen asleep again finally.
The rock awakens and it appears that he is back into the quiet and peaceful place that we saw at the start.  he breathes a huge sigh of relief and falls back to sleep.  This world is full of nature and no pollution or destruction from humans.
The rock is now back to being a huge mountain again on an alien world, with rivers and hills around him. And he gets comfortable and goes back to sleep.
It seems as though the Rock has finally found a resting place on the new planet. The only trouble is, we see a scene which is nearly identical to the opening scene. Does this mean that the Rock's adventures are going to be repeated?
The rock becomes big and still look sad. 
The rock is now a mountain again on another planet.  He takes a big deep breath and closes his eyes.
the rock looks relieved and takes a big sigh and the ground blows with the huff, he then closes his eyes
The rock is tired and sighs
The rock mountain awakes to find itself overlooking a lake with vegetation not disimilar to the start of the film. It sighs, and it's implicit that this scene indicates that is undergoing a cycle of regeneration
the rock is now in a new world. he is now part of a big mountain overlooking a peaceful scene. he looks contented in his new setting.
Finaly the rock recovered and was at a place of peace near a river.
the rock now on a different planet peacefully falls asleep. 
The closing scene of the clip is a repeat of the start, as the land forms around the rock (now a mountain), it is finally able to rest.
The mountain wakes up and its yawning in surprise.
