The rock friend was riding a conveyor belt of dust and below was burning hot fire which he then got dropped into, he feared the inevitable and had his eyes closed.  Then all of a sudden he was a piece of glass and some guys wearing hazmat looking suits picked him up.  Then it showed a rocket being launched into space and as the top part of the rocket broke off, it showed our rock friend turned glass friend as a window all the astronauts were looking through.
The rock was thrown into a giant melting pot, it woke as a giant plate by two men in safety suits. It was later shown that it was in reality a front piece of a rocket and it was sent out to space.
The rock was poured into molten glass and shaped into a lens for a satellite. The satellite was then launched into space on a rocket. 
The rock was dug up from out of the sand. It was taken to a factory and put in some hot lava. It was turned into a part for a rocket. He was launched into space.
The rock somehow made it outside then was smashed with a smasher into the street.He then made it to where they were making railways and was then in hot lava 
The rock is now little more than a grain of sand and is taken to a processing centre where he is emptied into a molten furnace of lava.  He closes his eyes just before he hits.  When he opens them again he has been made into a round piece of glass and florlifts are moving him somewhere new.  Next men in hazmat suits cover him over and we see a rocket going into space.  Suddening we see the rocks now glass face at the top of the rocket with nasa type figures looking through from earth.
The rock is moving down a large conveyer belt. The rock drops of the end into a large molten vat. People in hazmat suits reshape the rock into a flat, round clear object. The rock is then placed inside a rocket. The rocket blasts off into space. The rocket leaves orbit and sheds its unecessary shell. The rock is at the very tip of the rocket or should I say satellite? People at mission command are happy and cheer with success.n
the rock was turned into glass and is now a lense for a telescope in space.
The grains of sand from the beach including the rock get taken away to be melted down into a glass lens. We see a rocket taking off into space and as the pieces fall away, it reveals the glass lens and the scientists using it to look at space.
the stone went through  a lot and despite how much it wanted to sleep it ended up in the recycling machine and it turn and made into a glass which was used for spaceship 
The rock is on a conveyor amongst other particles of sand and is poured into a furnace where it is turned into glass.  It is hammered into a lens shape by some people in protective suits.  The scene changes to the launch of a space rocket which flies into orbit and jettisons its various stages and a satelite emerges with the lens made from the rock at the head of the satelite indicate it maybe a kind of telescope.
the rock has been turned into the lense or a space telescope and sent into orbit around the earth
The rock was hurled into a cauldron of lava to turn the rock into a new item. This new item was a glass lens to be thrown onto a satellite, which was then ejected into space to the liking of the scientists. 
The rock accepts his death, but after going in to molten metal, turns to glass. He confused, but then is transferred to a space ship where it turns out he is the lens to a satellite that now orbits the earth. 
the rock was used to make part of a space rocket. The rocket was launched. Someone in control is about to press a red button.
the little ground down rock is on a conveyor belt with other tiny pieces of sand where they drop off into the end to a large red hot vat. After this, the little rock has been made into a piece of glass! Two scientists in suits come over to collect the new piece of glass.nThen a space shuttle takes off from Earth and heads into space. When the supporting framework of the ship falls away, we see the glass is at the very front of the shuttle, leading the way and beaming back to Earth. We then cut to the control room where all the scientists are watching and they cheer. 
The rock is thrown into a furness of hot liquid and moulded into a thin flat round object. 2 men in safety clothing lean over him and the next clip is a rocked being launched to outer space, the top of the rocket comes away and the rock is the face at the top of the rocket. It flicks back to the control room and shows the cameras.
The rock, and other bits of sand, get put inside a furnace, which turns into into a sheet of glass. The sheet of glass is then put inside something. We then watch a space rocket take off and blast into space. The different parts of the rocket detach, and we see a satelitte emerge from the top of the rocket. It is revealed that the rock is now the lense of the satellite, and people in mission control are looking through the rock to see space
The stone is very small now, and has ended up on the beach in the sand. A big machine digs up the stone and pours him into his container, before being transported into a factory. While at the factory, the stone is placed onto a conveyer belt and dropped into a fiery molten lava bit, where it is broken down, smoothed and flattened in the shape of a circular window of glass. The glass is placed onto a telescope and sent into outer space.
the rock is dropped from the conveyor belt into a crucible of molten rock. They are then pressed into a glass plate that is used to assemble to space rocket. They rocket is launched and its progress it monitored by humans back on earth.
The rock carries on along the conveyor belt before falling from the end into a smelting pot. The rock is melted down and pressed and made into a piece of glass. Next we see a space rocket blasting off into space and launching a satellite into orbit. The glass which was made from the rock is shown to be the glass at the end of the telescope satellite.
The stone was then threw into lava transforming it to a glass for a space machine. The space machine then went to space succecefully.
The rock traveled to an underground where it was scooped up and pushed into a pit of lava, and made to a piece of an important part of a rocket. It then traveled with the rocket to space. 
The rock is then turned into a piece of glass and taken into space on a rocket. People cheered. 
The rock is put into hot lave and turned into a piece of glass by two men. He is then placed into a part that forms the top of a space rocket and goes into space
The poor little guy was poured into hot molten lava and melted down! But then the melted substance was taken to a factory where they created a round piece of fiberglass out of him. This piece of glass turned out to be extremely significant, as it ended up being the main front end of a telescope that was successfully launched into outer space!
The Rock plunges into lava before being blown into glass by a glassblower. Afterwards he is fitted to the top of a space ship and is sent up to space. The scientists in charge of the rocket are celebrating when the rocket reaches space.
The now tiny pebble is melted down to be made into a sheet of glass. He is packaged up and sent to space as a lens of a telescope.
After the rock was turned into a grain of sand it was melted down into glass and formed into what looked like a large glass dish. The dish, still with the rocks face upon it was then put into a satellite and sent into space on a rocket.
the rock is flattened into a round bit of metal and taken by men in protective gear and put onto a spaceship which goes into space.
