The seasons change and the rock seems to be big again. A lake forms and plants appear, with the rock a big mountain overlooking everything. He sighs and breathes a wind over the nature.
The rock since being turned into a piece of glass for a satellite, crash lands onto a rocky planet, melting as it enters the atmosphere. Much time passes as we see life grow and water appear with the rock in the background slowly growing back into the mountainous form we saw it as in the beginning. It looks around, curious then relieved and sighs a great sigh which shakes the vegetation before finally going back to sleep.
The rock crash lands onto a new planet. Time passes quickly and the terrain changes to a point where the planet now supports life. The rock's eyes appear in the large mountain in the background, suggesting it has now gone full circle and is back where it started.
The planet stuctures turn and move and grow and change shape for a bit, and they eventually recreate the first scene with the large rock face again.
After being sent back to space (after being made into a telescope lens) the rock finds itself settled on a new planet.  After a period of time and weathering the rock looks like originally did at the start of the film.  The rock has regained it's original size and shape.  The rock looks happy and decides again to sleep.
After crashing on the planet the little rock guy was big again and seemed to start his life over again the same as the start of the film. He was overlooking a lake surrounded by hills and trees and he looked tired,
The remains of the space probe burns up in the thin atmosphere of a barren rocky planet and the rock crashes into its surface. Finally he is at peace in a world of rock again. But evolution is still at work even here. The planet begins to evolve, the surrounding rock is worn down and our solid hero returns to his position at the start of the saga, part of a large mountain sleepily looking at the evolution of life around him. The wheel has turned full circle.
After the spacecraft he was part of crashes on another planet, the little rock wakes up to find he has grown into a mountain.
The rock now finds himself on another planet, starting over as he did at the beginning of the movie.
After landing on another planet, the pebble became part of the environment again. Over time, it became the large rock it was once was. It let out a sigh of relief.
After getting shot into space he lands on some other planet where he becomes part of the landscape and over time becomes part of a mountain again.
Again, I can't remember exactly when you fell asleep. I think you nodded off just as The Rock Glass landed on the planet. Some sort of gravitational event caused the land that The Rock, or Piece of Glass as we could now call him, to shoot up into the shape of a mountain. A similar mountainscape appeared to that of the first scene of the film, and The Rock's face once again appeared within the centre mountain. We see foliage begin to grow around a lake, and The Rock lets out a sigh of relief at his similar surroundings. The film ends with The Rock finally able to get some rest. 
The sand that the rock transformed into is now turned into a mountain by the nature of this planet. We see the beginning scene again, making a full circle moment.
When the rock ends up on the foreign planet, it might be Mars, he turns out to be a mountain. He finally looks contented, and like he can actually rest. The environment has changed a bit.
The rock ended up on a rocket ship that went to outer space. He gets dropped on a distant planet and becomes one with nature there, where he again becomes a mountain. He is finally able to rest on his new planet. 
After crashing as a comet onto a different planet, the fragment becomes a part of that terrain again. Time passes and the terrain changes, the mountain emerges up from the surface and trees and a lake appear, the sky is red, the scene matches that at the start of the film. The rock is a mountain again, overlooking the landscape, he breathes a big sigh and the trees blow, he looks drowsy and closes his eyes. 
The piece of rock that has been turned into glass lands on a planet in space. It then grows into a large mountain again. It sighs and falls asleep.
After flying through space the rock lands on a moon like surface. Eventually, rain begins to fall and the rock is transformed into a mountain, and the surrounding environment turns into more fertile land. The rock seems to sigh.
After landing on the planet, the weather changes and the rock looks like it has grown into a mountain. The rock mountain looks around at the land, which has a river, breathes out and starts falling alseep again.
The world suddenly seemed to morph into the first scene, and then life, shapes and mountains started to form. The sand was no back to his former self state and content and finally being able to rest.
After landing on the moon many years pass and the broken lens is reincorporated into the landscape and become a big rock like he was in the beginning. Vegetation grows around him and he is finally able to rest peacefully again.
The satellite lands on a new planet where the he forms back into a mountain and can finally go back to sleep
As the rock landed onto another planet  the ground started to change and the small rock now became a mount shape rock. The rock seems to be at ease. 
rains come and form a large rock again, the rock sighs as he looks over landscape
The rocks finds itself on a new planet without life. The rocks eyes get heavy and so it decides to pop off to sleep.
Having crashed on the new planet the rock is assimated into the planet and becomes a new rock on the planet that starts to grow new life
The rock's life has now come full circle. They are now a huge mound of rock on a different planet where they will not be disturbed by humans again. 
It crashes on a planet where it becomes a huge mountain again like it was before with plants and water present. It finally falls asleep.
The rock hurtled towards a new planet where he crashed into it's surface. Over time this planet evolved and mr rock became part of the surface bedrock and formed a rock similar to how he was at the start of the story on earth. He felt like he was home and he could finally relax.
The rock ends up waking up on the new planet. There is a green lake infront of it and a red sky behind it. The rock looks tired and weary from all of its travels.
