the fossil is swept up by the janitor but is accidentally thrown from the bin into the street. He's picked up by a man with some flowers and thrown through a window. the fossil hits a man on the head and flies out the other window after bouncing off of a piano. he rolls out onto a shop ledge and rolls onto the street and gets caught in some cars and he is slowly ground away.
the rock with a face, gets knocked into a cleaning bin, then emptied out onto the street.  A man on the street picks up the rock and throws it through a window and it flys onto the next window and onto the street.  At which points when it lands it ends up being eaten up by a car engine.
Janitor throws rock out and man kicks rock on the floor, he picks it up and throws it at a window which hits a man in his chair making him fall off. Stone falls onto road and is caught between a car and is crushed smaller. 
After kid smashes into glass and rock falls out of the box somewhere in the backdrop in that museum and into a trash can that cleaning man is pushing. This ends up on the street, gets picked up by a man who throws it and breaks girls window, rock ends up on the street again, gets under and inside the car and on the street again.
After having been disovered by an archeologist and placed on display as the stone (now a lot smaller) with a fossil embedded, the stone was scared when a small child pulled a face at it through the display. It fell off the display and into a bin man's trolley. Then fell out and into the street where it was recovered by a hoodlum who used it to throw through a window, hitting a man sat having a meal. The stone then flew through the opposite window and into the street again. It's gradually being reduced in size.
He fell into the trash can, he was thrown out, then got kicked into the streets, into some womans house buy a guy that i presumed she dumped and fell into a car engine and was further chipped away
the rock fell into the cleaners bin, then was tossed out into a street where he broke some more, he was then kicked along a by w man who picked him up and threw him through a window, striking a man on the head and he then bounced out another window landing in the road and getting caught up in a cars gears and getting grounded down to a even smaller size 
So the bolder which is now a rock landed into a janitors bucket and bounced outside onto the sidewalk. It was kicked by a jillted man with flowers down the road and picked up and thrown through a window hitting a man courting a women in the head. Then bounced down back onto the street into a car motor shrinking it's size even more.
The rock gets thrown into the museum cleaners bin and is emptied onto the street below. A man then kicks the rocks a few times and throws him through a window hitting a man. The rock then falls out of the window and onto the street again where he narrowly misses oncoming traffic but eventually he is inside a car and gets crushed by the cars inside parts.
The rock landed on the caretakers cart and the next clips show it being thrown around the city and broken apart.
The rock the rock is thrown into a garbage disposal and eventually thrown out onto the street. a man walking by and kicks the rock and it gets smaller and smaller that same man kicks the rock onto the road picks it up and throws it into a building. it breaks the window of the building lands on a piano in a couple whos having dinner's living room and goes out to the side of that same building onto the road again cars drive by and spend the rock making it smaller and smaller and eventually enters into a car and gets even smaller
The rock was knocked over in the museum and fell into a trash can and was thrown out with the garbage. Then it got thrown through a window and ran over by a truck.
The boulder winds up at the bottom of the ocean where it is reduced to a rock. The rock winds up back on land where it is discovered by a man who sees that there is a fossil on its underside. It winds up in a museum and through a series of accidents, out on a city street. A different man throws it through a window and it continues tumbling, becoming smaller.
The rock, having been knocked out his museum case by the boy, falls into a passing caretaker's bin. The bin is emptied and the rock finds himself outside where he is kicked along the street by a man. He gets knocked into a car engine where he gets further ground down by the gears. 
The rock fell into the janitors trash and then was thrown out into the street where it was kicked around by a guy carrying flowers. The guy then drops the flowers and picks up the rocks and tosses into a window where a couple was eating dinner and hit a guy in the head causing him to fall out of his chair. The rock then hits a piano and rolls out the window and off an awning into the street where it is almost run over and then gets stuck in a car engine and stuck between two rotating gears.
it turns a lot more uber and 90's aesthetic with jazz in the background or the blues should I call it. It seems a lot more just surreal and satire now with the rock just fumbling around 
The fossil falls into the rubbish bin of a passing janitor, who throws the contents - with the rock - into the street. It's then kicked across the road by an angry man carrying flowers, who then surprisingly picks up the rock and throws it through a window. The rock flies through a room - containing, presumably, his lover and her new man - and out of a window on the other side, landing in a busy, traffic-heavy road below. A lorry spins the rock around, and it bounces through the radiator grate and into the engine of a car, where it is ground down further, before being shunted out the exhaust, back out into the road.
Our mountain dude, who's now a fossil, falls into the trashcan. He's tossed out onto the street where he's kicked by an angry looking suitor. He's then kicked about, getting smaller and smaller as he does so, becomes really small. 
The rock went from being excavated by archeologists to being on display in a museum. And later there was a scene where the rock ended up being thrown into a bin and wheeled away by a janitor. Somehow the Rock ended up being thrown out of the window and onto the street and was kicked around by someone walking across the street.
The rock falls into the river and then keeps getting to be a smaller rock by being picked up by various people and ending up in the museum and then leaves the museum by escaping.
The rock (containing a fossil trilobite) falls through a tube, which exits from a trophy bear, and lands in a dustcart puched by an old man. The old man notices a sound (but not what causes it) and continues on his way. The old man empties the dustcart, causing the rock (and other incidental detritus) to roll out onto a pavement. A passerby kicks the rock, another throws it through a window, whereupon it knocks out the male half of a couple, bounces off of their piano, goes through their window, bounces of an awning (over a shop markd 'Depression') before landing in front of a further individual. This man throws the stone, which enters a car engine.The gears of the engine round out the rock, before it falls out on to the road.
The rock landed in a cleaners cart.  The cleaner then threw it out onto a road, where it is kicked by a rejected male lover.  He picks up the rock, tosses it through the window of his ex-girlfriend, where it hits her new boyfriend on the head, before bouncing off a piano and out of another window.  The rock then bounces off a shop awning, into a road, where it is promptly ground down into a pebble by the gears inside a car engine, before being spat out again.
A lot of time has passed and now it's like the 40s or 30s in the movie. A guy takes the Rock and he throws it up into a window and it hits a guy in the head then bounces off the guy's head and pulls down into the street. And then the truck comes and runs it over and it bounces into the gears inside of the truck and gets crushed up in the even smaller pieces.
the rock is thrown out of the museum and it shoots along the Paris streets until it enters a car engine where it is ground down even smaller
The rock keeps going through a lot and it all seems to be due to humans; it is being tossed around the city now. All it wants to do is lay in one place and humans have intervened in many ways 
The Rock now much smaller than before goes from a trash can to being kicked around and thrown, hits a man on a date and rolls into the street. It's falls between gears, gets even smaller, it's really just being abused at this point.
I'd stop describing to them by now, they need to go home and sleep. This is some weird torture experiment. Anyway after the fossil is knocked out of its case it magically pops out of a mounted head and flies into the street breaking into a circular stone. The stone is picked up and thrown through a window hitting a guy and continuing on outside and getting all weirdly caught in machinery. Just a complex mess directed by a crack addict.
The rock was removed from the museum, now much smaller. He is thrown under a car, in between the gears, and then found on the road by a man. He picks up the rock, throws it into a window where it nearly misses a man woman couple and bounces again out the window. Through each scene the rock becomes smaller. 
The rock gets put into a trash, then used as a weapon, then travels a lot.
The rock rolls out of a bear head hanging on the wall and into a janitor's bucket. The rock then falls out into the street and is kicked by a man. The rock gets picked up by some angry guy and thrown through a window, hitting a man that's having a romantic dinner with a woman. After hitting the man, the rock bounces and rolls off a piano, onto a fabric awning, and into the street. It is then almost hit by a car, and then actually gets hit by a car. The rock goes through the car grille and gets grinded up into the gears and spit out as a smaller rock. He appears dazed and sad.
