The rock then is flown into space and fired.  It hits another planet, which hits more stones rock and sinks back into the landscape to begin its journey once more, and this goes strait back to the start of the movie in the beginning.  A full circle of it's life.
The rock is turned into a piece of a satellite and is launched into space. It crash lands on some planet and reforms into the mountain it once was in an oasis like in teh beginning. 
the rocket crashes into a meteor where the lense is shattered and the sattelite turns into a falme ball and eventually crashed onto an unknown planet. Time passes by and eventually the rock is now back to his similar starting position as a large mountian in front of a lake with trees and greenery around him.
The rock has now been processed into a piece of glass, which has been used for a camera lens on a space rocket. The rocket has been launched into space, where the camera is ejected and fired towards another planet. We see the rock land on the planet, before time speeds up, indicating the passing of millions of years. The landscape of the planet shifts and evolves dramatically, before the rock is seen in a mountainous form resembling it's appearance in the very first clip that we saw.
The rock is launched from the rocket into a mini rocket, flying through space at great speed, but also anxious and scared. He then lands on a hard grey surface, similar to the moon or other planet. The rock then slowly over time goes back into his natural shape and size of rock, and his surroundings appear the same as that from the beginning before he fell to sleep; almost like nothing had happened.
the rock became sand, then got made into galss, and then was put on a satelite that crashed into mars and is now a mountain
The rock that has turned into the spacecraft window is shot into space and travels towards a planet an it burns up on entry to the atmosphere and then crashes into the surface of the new planet. The new planet then forms a new mountain and this turns into a mountain with a face and nose exactly as we saw at the beginning of the film. 
The stone on the rocket is shot to a moon of Saturn, where it crashes onto the surface. We then see it as part of the landscape again, as at the beginning of the video, and it watches the evolution of the moon's surface.
After being created for spaceship material, the rock is sent to outer space and ultimately becomes a new rock sediment for a different planet - starting the lifecycle of the rock again.
the glass which the rock had been turned into broke as the rocket travelled really fast through space and hit a rock in space.nThe rocket gained speed and burned up as it landed on a planet.nThere was then a time lapse where the planet grew and the rock became the same shape and size as he was in the beginning
The controller of the telescope hits a button and he is launched forward. He hits a asteroid and land lands on a planet. The explosion makes him into a large mountain.
The rocket kept going the rock cracked and turned into almost an asteroid and landed back on earth ,the ice went and  here it became the original size it started and all the trees and nature surrounding it as if back to the start
As part of the spacecraft the rock gets sent to another planet. After crashing on the surface of the planet, over time the rock becomes part of a new mountain and looks over a valley similar to the one he started out near.
After being turned into a lens on a satellite and shot into space ... The satellite crashed on a new planet where the cycle started all over again as it was in the beginning . THE END
They made him into glass and went to space and got shot into a planet and turned to mountain again.
The rock had become sand and made into glass which fronted a satellite that had been blasted into space. It hit some space rocks in its journey and landed on a planet. It cracked into pieces upon landing. Here it became part of the planets geography again just as it had started out originally.
The satellite shoots up into space where it hits a meteorite and smashes, it falls and crash lands onto another desolate rock planet where the time goes faster and the planet evolves into a world like earth with the rock as a big mountain again like at the start with a river and green fields around it.
the sweeper sweeps the rock off a cliff where a crane picks up a bunch of rubble the rock is lifted away and taken to a building where they put the rubble onto a belt and dropped into the fire pit and make it into a round object and is attached to a spaceship and launched into the atmosphere. where the rock comes crumbling down and forms with other rocks on a new planet and he is big yet again. the end 
The satellite is propelled forward at a very high speed, it bounces off an asteroid and ends up in the orbit of the moon. It catches fire and when it lands on the surface of the moon, it forms a part of the land, which results in the land becoming just like Earth with grass and trees growing, and rain pouring down, etc. Just like the scene at the beginning of the movie where the rock was on Earth.
When the button is pressed, the satellite speeds up and hits a floating asteroid. It then explode and the rock turned glass is sent hurling into another planet. The cycle then repeats with the glass turning back into a large rock mountain over time.
The rock is then swept by a cleaner onto a beach and is mixed around with the sand on the beach. An excavator then comes and collects the sand, containing the rock, which is then transported to a glass factory. The rock is poured into a moulten furnace and is manufactured into a glass panel, which is then installed onto a rocket ship and blasted into space.
the the rock gets sent  to space on a rocket it crash  and the rock ends on mars where is life as a big rock starts again  
Since you keep falling asleep here is basically the crux of the entire  A very america-centric version of history is shown through the passive eveys of a rock who is slowly being ground down by erosion. In this final segment we see the rock forged down into glass and used on a space mission. It crashes into a planet and, inexplicably, becomes a mountain again. I would scold you for sleeping again, but the story isn't fantastic so whatever.
The rock is lauched into space in a capsule. It travels through space where it hits a planet. The rock ends up looking over mountains at a green lake
Mr Rock appears to have been fired from a space rocket on to a new planet, where he has once again grown to his original size
The tiny piece of rock which was part of the spaceship was blasted into another planet where it landed and became part of the same rock it had been at the start of the video
The controller of the space telescope fired its booster rocket. This failed and the telescope was rocked by an explosion, which broke its lens, before spiralling out of control. It descended at high speed and crashed into the moon of a ringed planet. This moon was barren but had a mountain in residence. Over time, water developed on the moon and an atmosphere friendly to life developed. 
It was shot into space where it collided with some other meteors and eventually got pulled into another planet where it burnt up on the way. Once it crashed, the landscape begun to change and it became a mountain once again, looking like the scenery it started with 
The satellite rocketed into space, hit an astroid and broke. It plummeted to the surface of another planet, burning up on entry. It then became part of the surface of a planet which changed over time and he appeared as another mountain. 
The satalite was shot into space, However it hit some space rock which meant it flew off course, However the rock landed on a planet, And over time that planet formed and the rock found himself looking as if he did in scene one
