The rock walks into a garden and tries to sleep on a glove. A man picks him up, dusts him off and turns him over. Inside the rock is a fossil. The rock is then pictured in a museum with other fossils. People look at him and take photos. 
the rock is tired and falls asleep on a glove, but soon after, a geologist finds it and picks it up. He takes it excitedly, as he discovers a fossil on its back. The rock is then exposed in a natural history museum where people are looking at it.
The rock is now small and sad. It is walking around and finds a glove to lay on. It is then picked up by a man who dusts it off and turns it over. The man sees a fossil on the rock and is very excited. The man puts the rock in his case and walks away. The rock is then seen on display at a museum with many people gathered to see. Someone is taking a photo. 
the rock starts walking and finds a new place to rest. But he is then picked up by an archeologist who examines the rock and discovers a fossil on the rear of the rock. We then cut to a new scene and the rock is on display in a cabinet in a museum.
the rock is still sleepy so he try's to bed down on a glove only to be picked up by a man who see's he has a fossil on the back of his head and becomes excited. Next minute he is on display in a museum with the fossils. Photographers are taking pictures.  
The rock finds a glove on the ground. He folds the fingers up to make a pillow and he tried to go to sleep on it. He is suddenly picked up by a man who dusts him off and looks at his back where there is an impression of an insect. The man puts the rock in a red box and walks off, smiling broadly. The scene changes to a photographer taking photos of the rock on display in a museum, next to other rocks with fossil impressions in them.
The rock wanders onto a glove and lies down on it to sleep. Then a man finds it and looks at the rock's back - there's a fossil in it! The rock gets sent to be in an exhibition in a bustling museum.
the rock lays back down on land and a scientist finds him with a fossil on him and puts him in an exhibit
The rock, now washed up on shore, makes his way into land and rests briefly, he gets found by an archaeologist and takes him to a museum to be put on show because there is a fossil embedded into his rock.
The rock wheel has been turned into an instrument of war, and launched into the enemies field. The rock, then wound up in the water overtime. In the past he was resting upon other rocks, when a archaeologists uncovered him, and found that there was a fossil in the rock he was then displayed in a museum.
He's very tired and very much smaller. he walks into the countryside and finds a discarded glove that he folds up to sleep on. But he's barely closed his evers when he's picked up by a man an brushed off and carefully examined. The man turns the rock over and sees a trilobite fossil embedded in his back. Excited the man puts the box in his box and runs off. The next we see is a flash of a camera and the rock displayed in a museum with the trilobite on view. The museum is fill of fossils and dinosaurs.
The rock walks until he finds a glove on the ground. He arranges it into a bed for himself, but a geologist immediately picks him up and notices the fossil embedded in the rock's back. It quickly cuts to a bunch of people taking pictures of the rock, which is now in a display case with other artifacts in a museum. 
It is found by a geologist who brushes it off and finds a fossil embedded in it. He is really happy and takes him away in his red case. It is put on display in a museum and the press took photos of it.
The mountain, which became a boulder, then a grindstone, became obsolete, as the windmill deteriorated, left there for many years, then repurposed, he was taken away and crushed to the size of a canon ball , fired at a ships mast and tumbled into the sea, he eventually made it to shore, now this mountain is the size of a glove, just a stone, a fragment of his former self, an archeaolgist stumbled upon him, after investigating him with a brush , he realised he had a fossil embedded in to him, now, he is on display, inntge myseum, amongst other fossils 
The Rock went down to sleep, but was woken by an old man who was an archaelogist. He turned the Rock over, and saw that there were fossilised remains. He brushed it down and took it to a museum where there lots of vistors and photographers.
The rock finds a discarded glove to sleep on, but is woken again by an excited man who finds there is a fossil in the rock. The rock is photographed and put on display in a museum. 
The rock wanders down a path looking sad and dejected. It finds a glove and collapses on top of it to sleep. An archaeologist then finds the rock and picks it up. He dusts it down, flips it over, sees a fossil in the back of it and laughs in delight. Next, a crowd has gathered and cameras are flashing. The rock is in a museum exhibit. 
the rock tries to fall asleep in a glove, but some archaeologist picks him up and dusts him off. On  the back of the rock the archaeologist finds a fossil, and he gets excited about it. The rock is then put in a loud museum where people are taking pictures and blinding the rock.
The Rock, sad and disheartened by all that has happened to it, now wanders around and is looking for another spot to rest. It finds a glove, folds it up nicely to make itself comfortable then lays down to rest. Not long after some guy, seemingly a rare rock collector of some sort, finds the Rock and picks it up. He dusts it off with his collector's brush then proceeds to look under the Rock. He finds what looks like a dead bug print under. Excited by this discovery, he takes the Rock, travels with it and puts it on display in what seems to be a museum of Rocks, next to other rocks which also have bug prints on them.
the rock is now a fossil. A scientist picks it up, realizes its a fossil, and puts it in his bag to take with him. The rock is now in a museum with other fossils.
The rock wandered for a while and found a small glove to sleep on. It was awoken by the hand of a man grabbing it and turning it over to reveal a small fossil embedded in its underside. The man thrilled with the discovery handed it in to an archaeological museum.
The rock was laid on the floor after its ordeal. A man came along and picked it up. After turning it over he found a fossil in the rock and was very excited. Pictures were taken of it and it ended up in a museum. 
The rock is now just a small piece and he just wants to rest. He finds a glove and makes a bed, then lays down to sleep. Then a geologist picks him up and sees a fossil on him. Then he's in a museum and people are taking pictures of him.
The rock wandered along and curled up to sleep on a discarded glove on the floor. A man picked it up, dusted it off and was delighted because he noticed a fossilised creature like a trilobite embedded in its underside. It then panned to the rock being on display in a museum among other fossils.
As it walked away after the war, it found a glove on the ground, which it tried to use for a bed to go to sleep. Then suddenly an archeologist showed up and saw that he had a fossil inside of him, so he put him in a case, and now he is on display at a museum with some other rocks that have fossils in them.
the rrock tries  to fall asleep on a rock a fossil hunterr finds him he contains a fossil the huterr displays him in a museum
The rock was placed into a museum after being found to have some form of fossil. 
Once again sad, tired and alone, what is left of the rock tries to rest and sleep, this time using a glove as a mattress and pillow. This doesn't last long, however, as a man appears, picks the rock up and excitedly dusts the rock off with a brush. Turning the rock over, we see that the man has found a fossilised insect in the rock. nThe rock is then displayed in a museum, alongside other similar artefacts. 
After being used as a cannon ball during a war, the rock settled in the ocean for a time. It was then washed onto shore and moved to a tree where it was then discovered by an archeologist to reveal that a fossil beneath it. The archeologist then used to rock as a display for the fossil.
Many years later the rock falls asleep on a glove.  An amateur fossil collector picks him up and on turning him over finds a fossil ammonite on his rear, the collector is overjoyed and proudly puts the rock on public display.
