After the rock left the museum, it was thrown out into the trash. It was also used by a better bitter to hit the window of his lover sitting with her love. Then the little rock continued to travel. Eventually, I made it to the road and was smashed by cars and trucks. In the end, the rock was smashed so much it became pieces then became dust and was thrown into the beach.
The rock fell onto the street, got caught up in a car's gears and crushed much smaller. It then got flattened by a bulldozer, and swept away by a janitor cleaning up the beach area.
The rock rolls out of a window and onto a road.  A car carries it along in it's wheels for a little while and then it falls onto the road where it is crushed by a road roller. It ends up as small particles on the side of a river. 
Now a little rock, it rolls into a road and found itself intertwined in the gear of a moving vehicle, where it is further shredded into a smaller rock and spin out at the mercy of an incoming tractor. It is then further crushed and swept by a human.
the rock was crushed buy some machines and turned into dust
The rock was thrown by the gentleman who failed his date into a window, eventually ended up on the road. It was being crashed by car, gear of car and at last a bulldozer, reducing it to sand-size. It mixed with some dirt and had been sweeped into the beach.
The stone has remnants of a trilobye that a geologist finds and puts in a museum. Then the stone later gets thrown through a window and then outside turns to dust. It gets smaller and smaller.
The small rock bounced off the canopy and down into a street where it then fell again and landed onto what is then revealed to be a train track as a train could be heard in the background which then hit it and knocked it into the path of an oncoming car where it then got caught up inside some gears before then falling out again after becoming dislodged. It then grabbed a wrapper or some street rubbish on the street and covered itself up before a large roller type machine was rolling towards it and flattened it before then it was swept away by a road sweeping human down onto an area next to some water.
The rock pebble lands in the road and is kicked by a man, carrying flowers, he ears jazz from, presumably, his girlfriend's flat. Infuriated he throws the stone through the wind of the flat knocking out the man in the flat. It bounces on the piano and goes out the window. He lands on the road and is caught in a a car's gears becoming smaller, then is spat out into the path of a steamroller, who reduces him to sand. He's then swept onto a beach.
The rock bounces off the awning and lands on the road outside the shop. A lorry goes over the top of the rock and spins it around, the rock goes up into the machinery of a vehicle and gets crushed further so it is smaller. The rock then falls onto the road where it is run over by a steamroller and becomes even smaller. It is then being pushed along in a cloud of other small fragments of rock by a broom and pushed out onto a beach, where the pier which is made of rock and also has eyes looks at the rock.
The rock falls into the street onto a busy road, there it gets caught in a cars engine and stuck between gears for a bit, once it falls out, a steamroller comes along and smashes it even smaller. A street sweeper then comes along and sweeps him into the sea where the big concrete seed defence looks on.
The rock falls from the building into oncoming traffic. It is thrown around and ends up inside a car's front grill, getting ground up by the gears of the engine, and then ejected through the tailpipe. The rock is frightened and uses a nearby piece of paper to cover it's face. When he peeks out from the paper, a steamroller is about to crush him. After being broken up into smaller pieces, he finds himself being swept with other debris by a man with a broom. The man sweeps him and the debris over the edge of a building, where he lands on a mound of dirt. He has been reduced to the size of a pebble.
The rock escaped from the museum in the trashcan of a man working there, he throws it outside and a man starts to kick it. he then picks it up and throws it through a window and ends up outside of another window, he ends up under a steamroller and is made smaller and then eventually a man comes along and sweeps the small particles next to the sea sand. 
The rock get hit by two cars, went through the engine of one and then was ran over by a steam roller. It that got swept onto the sand.
The rock gets ran over and gets stuck in a cars engine. This makes the rock much smaller. It then gets thrown through a window and eventually gets pushed into the water, along with other small rocks.
The rock flew out of the window and into the road, it ended up on the inside of a car and then  back on the road. it was then flattened even more and a man sweeping the road swept the rock away to the beach.
The old rock got smaller and smaller until it ended up as dust. It was swept into the sand
The stone, after flying through the windows, is caught in an engine and changes shape. Then it is in a road, and is run over by a heavy road smoother (I can't remember what they are called), and becomes squashed. A street sweeper sweeps up what is now dust and he ends up on the beach, part of the other grains of sand. 
The rock was kicked and thrown and eventually ended up scared in the middle of the road. It was then crusted by a large roller who was flattening the road surface. It was then swept away ny a broom and ended up in the sea again.
the rock is thrown around and lands in the middle of the street where a car runs over it catching it in the engine a steam rollere appears and runs over the rock crushing it to dust when a street cleaner brushes it to the end of the pier and onto the beach the pier appears to have eyes and watche the little rock land on the sand
Well next for some strange reason all of a sudden the rock is back on dry land walking along and finds a glove and folds the fingers to make like a bed, but then what looks like a professor come along finds him an very excitedly put the rock in a box and takes him to building, but some how the rock gets jetisoned into the street where it is picked up and thown thru a window knocking a guy over hitting a piano and flying out another window in the street get's picked a vehicle runs over the rock next it's shown being ground up even smaller and dropped by out on the street. then a street roller runs over and crushes further and next a street sweeper with a broom is sweeping the street and sweeps a pile of debris off a dropoff by another body of water.
The rock was caught up again by a stranger by the sea and taking for exhibition where its escaped and found its way in trash can. The person with the trash threw it away far awya that it broken into someone apartment
After leaving the museum, the rock ends up in the city where it is kicked by a man, then thrown through a window, hitting an other man in the head. It is then grounded down again, finds it way to the street where it is run over by a steam roller and turned to dust. It blows onto the sidewalk where it is swept up and tossed off a cliff into the sand.
the rock falls into the road where it is hit by a car. Then it is ground even smaller. Next a steam roller comes down the road and rolls over it. We see the rock with other small pieces of rock and then the camera pans out we see the rock is now just a speck of dust, being swept off by a man with a broom. It falls off the edge of the road onto the beach becoming a part of the sand there. 
The rock goes through various journey in the street, it gets ran over by cars, which further grinds it to pieces, then it gets ran over by a road machine which sucks it into its grinders, crushing it further until it becomes fine in texture. It is then sand at this point and gets swept away by a man to the shore, where another rock appears to realise what just happened
Man did you see rock man fall from that roof, he got run over went through an engine, and a steam roller went over him. Haha rock mans a stone he was swept down the street off a peer and onto the beach you should watch this.
the rock falls into the street and is run over by passing traffic. The rock picks up a piece of paper and uses it to cover himself, but is then run over by a street paver and broken into dust. The rock is then swept onto a beach by a man with a broom.
When the rock is on the road it gets run over by a car and gets stuck in the wheels. When it is freed it is run over by a steam roller.  It is later swept along by a street cleaner and drops of the edge of the land
The rock was rolled away to the street while cars went on it and finally crushed into small pieces by a tractor. It was later swept with the rest of the dirt by a human.
alot happened in a shot time, while they tried to auction him, he fell off accidentally into the waste bin and was broken into smaller pieces. he was later kicked and crushed my a machine. and swept of as sand to the shore.
