So the rock guy laid his head down to sleep and a rope was thrown over his nose.  The same villagers that were chopping noisily near his head were now hauling him back to town and then whittled him town into a milling stone to grind flour.  He ground some flour and then time passed and all of a sudden there were, I think, Colonial soldiers who came in, picked him up, and then dumped him in a building where he got crushed into little pieces.
People used rope and trolleys to transport the rock to the village. Then they carved it and used him in a mill to produce flour. One day four soldiers came and took the rock out of the mill. Then they used hydraulic press to break him into small pieces
The rock was taken by a group of men and molded and shaped into a milling stone. They used the stone for some time until some soldiers came in and took the stone and had it smashed apart for some reason.
The rock woke up to find a rope tied around him. The farmers wanted to use the rock in their barn to help power the machinery. It made the rock dizzy as he was spinning all day. Then some people broke into the barn and stole the rock. They took him somewhere and had him crushed.
The rock lasted for centuries.People started building houses and needed the rock to help make water come to their town.The rock didnt do well so the people came and got him and crushed him into gravel 
The rock who had found his favoured spot now has men come and use rope and mules to move him to use in their settlement.  They file him down and make him round and use him as a cog to power a water mill making grain and salt i think.  Many years and seasons he does this till he is dizzy.  Then military men come and take him out they then use a machine to break him up into pieces
The rock is calmly sleeping in a forest. Some farmers lasso the rock's nose and pull him on top of a buggy. The farmers take the rock back to their settlement. The farmers use tools to reshape the rock into a circular shape. The rock is then placed and used as a base for some type of windmill. Some time passes, and military soldiers enter the windmill and take the rock away.
The humans take the rock and shape it into a wheel to grind flour, later men come and take the wheel and smash it into bits
The rock gets pulled by its nose and noose by a donkey which takes the rock to be carved into a milling stone. The seasons pass and guards come in and see the rock and take it away to be crushed by a crusher.
The big stone lay among the river where all kinds of water animals live and for some reason, there was an earthquake  and the find itself  in the far away land and woke up beneath the tree  and a human cut down the tree and then the stone stood up an walked to find a better place to sleep and while trying the sleep humans discovered it and carried and then they sharpen it to into a machine to help produce milk and then something fall on the stone and it was shattered into pieces 
The rock is resting when some men tie a rock to it's nose and using a donkey they haul it back to their village.  The men wear the rock down into a grinding stone and attach it to a water wheel to use it to grind flour in a mill.  After some time passes some soldiers burst into the mill and remove the stone and drop a heavy object on to it, smashing it into pieces.
the rock was made in to a millstone and the broken to pieces 
Apparently, a piece of rock with a pair of eyes and a nose wanted to sleep, but the humans decided against this and grabbed him and took him to a barn. He was then used as a piece of machinery to assist with the human's product. After this he was again moved and then crushed by a crushing mechanism.
The humans capture the living and move then reshape him to a water wheel, and start to use him to run it and generate energy, he looks visibly unhappy, but then they grab him from whatever machine was generating the power to then hit him with a hammer.
The rock was transported by the farmers on a wagon pulled by mules. At the farm it was ground circular to form the turning circle of a watermill. it spun round. Soldiers came to the mill. They crushed the rock into small pieces.
The rock was hooked by its nose and the humans dragged it by a donkey. They ground it down into a circle shape and it was used as part of a mill. The rock looks tired and dizzy and the room starts spinning round. Then it is darker, and the door bursts open with policemen.
Some men tie a rope round the rocks nose and pull him off, they put him on the back of a horse and cart and take him away. They then sand down the rock and install him in a mill where he is used in the mechanism to grind flour. He goes dizzy watching out the window as he goes round and round and round. Some guardsmen come in and take the big rock and crush him under a heavy weighted machine. 
Two people took the rock shaped it into a mill for crushing flour in a watermill. The constant spinning makes the rock very dizzy. After some time has passed, policeman come in and take the rock, they then crush the rock into small pieces
The rock that had been rudely awoken by the people who were building a house got up from its spot and walked away into the forest. It then laid down to sleep next to another rock, but was rudely awoken again by the people. The people wrapped a rope around the rocks nose and dragged it away to be carved into a circle. The rock (which is now a circular stone wheel) was placed as a gear into a machine, in which the machine would make flour for the people. Later, some military men burst into the factory where the machine was, they found the circular stone rock and removed it from the machine, carrying it out with them as they left.
the rock gets lassoed by the nose and dragged by a donkey to the village, where they were shaped into a cog to help run a water mill. Seasons pass and the rock is eventually removed from the mill and hammered into pieces.
After the rock moves and falls asleep, some men come along and tie ropes to the rock and drag it on to the back of a cart which is then pulled by a donkey. They take the rock back to where they stay and work on turning the rock into a mill stone for their mill. After a while of being used as a mill stone some soldiers come along and remove the stone before smashing it with a big weight.
After the mountain rock woke up, some men came and took it. They moulded it and turned it into a turbine. Th police then came to get it. After that it was crushed into small rocks.
There's a big rock sat in the nature over hundreds and thousands of years from Ice Age where there's no human beings but dinosaurs to Modern Age where people started to build houses to live. They found this huge rock in the forest, and brought it back to use it as a tool in order to make food. Time has passed by, humans had done using the rock, so they crushed it into pieces.
The big rock was taken by some men to be used as a grinder for food and fuel for a water thing. And then when it was resting time, other men came and took the ros=ck away and crushed it down. 
The rock gets pulled away by some men on a donkey. The rock is smoothed won into a round circle and form part of a mill. He spins constantly whilst in the mill. Then some en came in and took him away and crushed him into smaller pieces
These miners captured the rock out its nap and carted it to a mill, where they grinded it down into a round shape so they could use it in their production line. However a group of police officers raided the mill and stole the poor rock. They took it to their headquarters where they crushed it into a bunch of pieces :(
The Rock was dragged to some kind of barn before being grinded down to a circular shape. A few officers came in to inspect what had happened and they decided that The Rock needed to be worked on more, so they flattened him before dragging him away.
The rock who finally found a place to rest gets harvested by some people. They shape him into a wheel to be used for some machinery. Lots of time passes as this poor rock is spun around in this machine until some soldiers come and take him. He is then crushed to be used for other purposes.
The rock was taken away by some humans and turned into a milling stone for a water mill ! It worked at the mill but was then taken away again by some soldiers who just as you woke up started to crush the rock into small pieces.  
the rock is taken away and turned into a wheel for a mill, but some soldiers come in and take him away.
