The rock has missed out on the earth's most significant evolution. While the rock was asleep, the earth went through massive changes; there were dinosaurs, the ice age, climate change, ice age and the evolution of humans. The rock missed out so much in its sleep that it didn't even recognise the place it was in. It was confused because it was a whole new world for it.
There is a big mountain behind a valley. This mountain oversees many things, like the formation and evolution of life in front of it in the valley and body of water in front of it. The mountain falls asleep, yet the world continues in front of it. The mountain eventually becomes a much smaller rock due to icebergs pushing it and water pushing away at it. The mountain, now as a smaller rock, wakes up to a lumberjack chopping down a tree on top of its head.
The rock is dormant throughout the passing of the dinosaur age and then the ice age.  The time is now the current age, and the rock is just waking up.  A man with an axe approaches and cuts down the tree which is on top of the rock.  The rock opens it's eyes.
The moment the mountain fell asleep, time passes with the evolution of different species coming and going, an ice age happened and the mountain was all but covered with the earth. He wakes to the sound of a human cutting a tree that has grown on its head.
the mountain turned into a big piece of rock in a forest
From the ancient age there is a huge mountain by the shore of the lake. It fell asleep one day and lots happened during it slept, including dinosaur age, ice age and finally to the age of human. When it wakes up it finds a human cutting a tree which grows on its head
The life of a mountain is shown as a live figure, which you watch as large geologic amounts of time pass. It slowly erodes and gets smaller and finally reaches the age of humans, when a human chops a tree down on that mountain.
There was a giant mountain with a face that fell asleep through the changing of time over what appears to be millions of years but was depicted quickly like the changing seasons. It went from dinosaurs appearing at the start to a dry sandy desert and then a lot of snow like an ice age before then ending with green grass and a tree on top of it and during this the mountain changed shape and became smaller before a human lumberjack appeared and chopped the tree down which woke what was now a small hill with a face up and then hill with the face went back to sleep.
The rock sleeps while eons pass, the dinosaurs run, then go, the ice age comes and goes and the rock is tumbled and becomes smaller. Then the earth round the rock becomes green. The rock wakes to find a man chopping down a tree growing above him
The scenery around the rock changes, from prehistoric land with dinosaurs, to desert to snow, to a lush forest scene. During the snowy scene, a glacier knocks the rock over. When the rock awakens in the forest scene, it has a man stood on top of it, who looks like an early american settler cutting down a tree which is on top of the rock.
It started out a long time ago, there was a mountain that had a face which was looking around. The scene changes and it looks like it was going through the seasons (or a passage of long time), the mountain gradually shrinks as it gets pushed along until it is a small mound with grass and a tree on top. A man comes along and starts chopping down the tree.
The rock was content but soon the dinosaurs came, time went by, and the earth shifted. Rain, snow, and icebergs moved the rock from its spot, making it smaller. The rock accepts its fate through all of the changes. Once the earth's changes stop moving the rock around, the weather gets better and the rock ends up under a tree, which a man is chopping down. The rock is mildly annoyed as the man walks away after chopping the tree.
The rock is taken up by earth pushing up against it and dinosaurs are shown roaming, after that there is an ice age and at the end a man is trying to chop down the last tree up on its head. I am supposing ti could be showing changes over time or climate change. 
As the rock slept, the landscape changes - the dinosaurs came and went, and then the ice age. The rock then woke up when a man started chopping down a tree on top of it.
At the beginning of time, there is a large rock, much like a mountain. This rock oversees changes in the world, from mammoths to humans. During this time, the rock gets pushed more inland by the frozen sea, and becomes smaller. The rock is asleep for most of this, but gets awoken by a human chopping down a tree that has grown on top of the rock.
A lot of time passed whilst the rock was sleeping, it then became smaller due to nature and a tree grew on the top of it. The rock was woken up by a man with an axe trying to cut down the tree.
The mountain fell asleep. Over time, it was reduced to a hill. A man chopped down a tree that was on the hill. 
The mountain falls asleep. Seasons pass. Eons pass. The landscape changes -- the lake dries up, the mountain becomes a bit of a hill. Then the mountain wakes up, realizes things have changed. A man is chopping down a tree that is growing on top of the hill, then walks past the front of the mountain. 
The great big rock which overlooked the landscpe fell asleep . Whilst asleep seasons came and went. The Land around the rock changed , dinosaurs appeared and ate some of the wildlife. The rock began to shrink as he slept. When he woke up he was small no longer the big imposimg rock he had once been. Standing on top of him was a man cuttting wood .
A large rock is overseeing the land he lives in and he seems to fall asleep and time passes showing dinosaurs then the ice age with glaciers where he gets pushed along into his final resting place, obviously millions of years later then a man possibly a farmer gets on top of the rock where a tree is growing and he starts to cut it down.
The Rock movie starts with view from the pond or lake deep with various aquatitc life moving around, the the veiw shift to above the surface and there is a mountain barren like stone at the end of the lake, but with face and a big bubble stone nose. Seems like an ice age happens and the mountain is crushed by a glacier and the top with the nose an face winds up embedded in a green field with some grass on top like hair with a tree growing of it with bearded guy usiing an axe to cut the tree down which happens an the embedded rock with face showing is glancing back and forth???
There was a gigantic rock with two eyes where its lives peacefully with other creatures, there was an erosion that occured which washes most part of the surface reducing it to a small size. After sometime tree grew on the reduced rock and a man came to cut part of tree while the rock can still see.
It starts out with an underwater scene showing different underwater creatures. It pans up through the water. You view is now out of the water to a rock. Next, you see the rock go through period changes, like dinosaur period then the ice age. The ice pushes the rock as it forms. After the ice age is over a tree and grass grow on it. The rock wakes to leaves falling on it and a man cutting down a tree that has grown on it.
the rock falls asleep and evolutions contiunes. The rock is moved by a glacier. As the rock finally awakens, man now exists and is chopping down a tree that has grown on top of the rock. 
The mountain fell asleep and with that, everything changed around the mountain. It appeared that a much colder season came, the land mass is swallowed along with the mountain further into the ground. Upon the arrival of what appears to be summer, the mountain is no longer as great as it used to be as it has sinked to the ground and now has a tree on top of it. The mountain is then woken up by the sounds of a man cutting the tree on top of the mountain.
Wake up !!! this animation is brilliant, I think will get going in a minute that rock started off life as a mountain, now its tiny we went though all the seasons here we go keep watching.
The mountain falls asleep and a long time passes, the landscape changes and there are dinosaurs, a T-rex chasing another dinosaur. More time passes and an Ice age starts, there are some wooly mammoths, but then the ice age ends and the mountain is reduced to a rock. The rock is covered by grass and there is a tree growing on top. The rock awakes to a man chopping down the tree on top.
they rock goes though different ages such as prehistoric where there are two dinosaurs chasing eachother.  They there is a glacier covering it for the ice age before finally there is grass grown over it with a tree.  A man comes down and chops the tree with an axe
As the rock slept, days and years and century passed. It experienced different weathers without waking up. A time came where the rock woke up to human cutting a tree on its head. Well, it did not seem troubled about it. Just like it was unbothered, it closed up its eyes again.
The rock is unmovable not until time passed. seasons came and changed the direction of the rock. Trees grew on the Rocks head in its new habitat. someone came and started cutting of the tree from the top of the rocks head.
