The huge rock went through a lot. I was used for the first industrial revolution. After that, it became a prop in the First World War. Mind you, it was getting smaller each time. It got bowled into the sea, where it weathered and became a little tin stone that you find at the shoreline. While all the rock wanted was to sleep and rest, instead it became tiny and sad.
Through various events, the rock eventually became a cannonball. The cannonball was then used in a battle between boats, and was shot into a river. It was then washed away and became smaller and smaller until it became a much smaller rock. This rock then washed up on a beach, and it went for a walk.
The rock is taken out of the millstone by the US army and made into a weapon to be fired from a canon out at sea.  It is fired at the enemy, where it cuts through a wooden mast and sinks a wooden ship.  The rock ends up in the sea, and then ends up in a river.  The rock is taken out of the river.
It was shot as a cannonball and split into pieces, dropping deep into the sea. Then the rock was carried by waves into land, where it continues its search for a resting place.
the rock was turned into a cannon ball, then it dropped into the water. then it came to a forest
The rock, being shaped as a bullet for cannon, has been shot and after it hits something, it falls into the river. It hovers as the water flows and has moved to the downstream of river where he wakes up again. It continues its journey there.
The mountain is smaller and gets converted by humans into a mill stone, then a cannon ball, then gets even smaller under the sea and washes ashore.
The rock with the face which was now a cannonball when the scene started was fired out of the ship and hit the mast of another ship they were in battle against shattering the mast and it appeared the ship was badly damaged and sinking before the cannonball with the face fell back into the sea where a strong current and slipstream pulled it away from the shore and into deeper sea. It was then washed up onto another shore in another location and began walking on legs from left to the right and there was a farmer visible ploughing a field hill in the background with the rock visible walking in the foreground as the scene ended.
The rock dizzy from being a millstone is taken by soldiers and crushed them ground to be round. He's fired out of a cannon at a ship and shattered. He sinks down to the bottom, is swept away by waves and comes to rest amongst other pebbles
The rock is being turned from a wheel into a canon ball by some soldiers. The rock is then put into a canon, which is located on a ship. The canon fires at another ship and hits the mast of the other ship. The soldiers who fired the canon start cheering. The rock sinks to the bottom of the water where it has been fired and starts breaking apart. The rock then is smaller and gets dragged along by a current at the bottom of the water, it tries to hang on to other things at the bottom of the water but cannot. The rock gets up out of the water and then emerges at a rural type scene, where it passes another larger rock and keeps walking.
The rock gets fired from a cannon and into a river, from here it gets washed downsteam, bashing off the riverbed getting smaller. It gets ashore then walks down a road, there's another big rock which has been built on looking at him as he walks past. By this time, the rock is tiny.
After the rock is made into a cannon ball, it is shot at another ship, breaking its mast. As it continues to fly through the air, it ends up at the bottom of the ocean. It then gets swept away by the current. The rock is misshaped from its adventures and looks tired as it washes up on shore. It begins to walk on a path, passing a much larger rock that resembles what he previously looked like.
the rock was cannoned out of the ship and ended up on a bed under water, eventually the rock returned to the surface. It was then broken up and filed and made into another object
The rock was fired out of a cannon at a ship, and broke apart. A small piece was washed through the sea, passed the fish and ended up washing up on some stones. It then travelled through farmland.
After the rock is used as a cannon ball, it hits a ship in the sea and the rock falls to the bottom of the sea. After a while, the rock gets washed up on the shore. He begins to walk, passing much bigger rocks, but looks very sad and deflated.
The rock was then shot out of the cannon and ended up in the sea. from there it was washed up and started walking.
The rock was repurposed over time and edned up in the ocean. 
The cannonball stone is shot at a target, and men celebrate the victory. The cannonball falls to the bottom of the ocean, then crawls onto shore, then is walking past people farming - more time has passed. 
The rock , which had been turned into a cannon ball was fired from a ship to attack another ship. It was fired out and desstroyed the enemy ship but shattered into small pieces . The rock sunk to the bottom of the sea and eas eventually washed up onsore. It walked along the shore until it sure a big rock that looked like what he used to be . 
after the rock was stolen by the soldiers he was smashed up and made into a cannon ball which is taken to a warship during the American civil was he is fired at a confederate ship and helps it to sink after the rock collides with the ship it falls into the sea and is washed along by the tide passing all manner of fish and sea life coming to rest on the river bed.
well in the next segment the rock opens shut eyes to have what look like a bunch of pilgrams industrially builting a log structuter. Putting hands over ears seemingly disturbed by all the noice the rock uses hands and arms to push self out of the ground and walk to a nearby hill and adjust thing to lie on left side to rest, but not for long for the pilgrams are prying the rock up and putting on a wagon taking back to the log structure where the cut off the nose and I parts in to flat cylindar to make a grindstone shown running in the mill, but the soldiers come and take the grind stone and cut it into a cannon ball, but still have the face. Next the cannon ball is shown shot out of the cannon to blow of the mast of any enemy ship looks like something from the US civil war and it breaks up into a smaller piece with still a face, but back in the water and floating down stream until it lands in a resting spot.
The rock was pulled down and taken to a refining hub, it was then used as a dynamite to fight the enemies of the refiners. The refiners targeted their enemies which cut across and destroyed a lot and found it way back to te river since the rivals were both on the sea fighting. The rock finally found his way back to the land after sometimes of destroying. 
The rock awakens to men using wood to build houses. It gets up and walk to another part of the  land and lays down. Soon, men come and use a horse and pry bar to move the rock back to their land where the grind and shape it into a  round wheel. It is uses with a strap pulley to draw water. Time goes by and it has been abandoned, soldiers come and take the rock. They grind it down to a cannon ball to shoot at the enemy in the water. It breaks into pieces and  lands in the water, then washes up on the land. The last scene is the rock walking on a road beside a farm. 
the rock is launched from a connon and helps destroy an enemy ship. It falls to the ocean floor where the current washes it along and eventually it is washed ashore. We see the rock, now small and broken compared to his majestic size at the beginning walking sadly along. He is observed by a bigger rock who is still in his natural environment nestled in the hill. 
After the mountain rock is put into a projectile, it is fired into the sky, seemingly as a weapon of destruction to an opponents boat in the river sea. It lands in the water and further sinks and drowns until it is eventually cast out in a new land, where it takes a walk and passes a mountain that looks the same as what the rock once looked like, a great mountain.
Yo did you see our little rock friend get made into a cannon ball, he sank a ship but looks in a sorry old state, he trawled the bottom of the ocean came up on dry land, ol rockmans looking for a home you keep watching.
The rock has been made into a cannonball and is shot out of a cannon from a boat at another boat. The rock breaks the mast of the other boat and then falls into the water. The rock is then carried away by the current and is eventually washed up on shore. The broken rock then walks sadly down a road, he passes a hill that is also alive and has a tractor farming on top of him.
Some guards make the rock into a cannonball and fire from a cannot at a ship.  the rock lands at the bottom of the sea.  It is washed ashore and is then shown wearily walking along a path
The rock was refined and sharpened into a round shape. The humans used this rock as a weapon and they fired it on a ship. After hitting the targeted ship, the rock went down the sea again. n
As interesting as it is. The rock is broken down again into smaller pieces as it is used successfully in canons to destroy enemies ships. The rock fell from there into the water and was carried to pebbles shore. before it began its journey. On its way it sees another rock .
