the piece of glass is shot of into space. the rocket falls away and reveals a new space satellite which the glass is the face of. a man in the control room pushes a button and the satellite shoots off and hits into floating rubble in space which damages it and redirects the satellite to crash land on a planet. 
After the rock is turned into glass, the rock becomes a part of a satellite which is launched and releases the satellite into space.  At which point the satellite uses its boosters and crash lands into a planet.
The rocket blasts off into outer space, which then breaks off whilst in space and is shown to be a satellite. Satellite boosts further into space and hits a rock and is slightly cracked in the face, it comes crashing down onto an unknown planet. 
After racket goes into a space, it crashes and falls onto a different planet.
After being crushed into a small pebble it found itself on a beach. A crane recovered it, amongst some sand, for use in a glass factory where it was converted into a high quality lens for use on a satellite. The satellite went out of control though and ended up by crashing into a planet (presumably mars or the moon).
He was made into glass that was used in a satellite that was then sent into space and I guess they lost control of it and it collided with some asteroids and crashed on another planet   
the space ship when up into space and the end with the now rock face is a lense on the end of a camera, it hits into some space rocks and breaks up and the face lense end up landing on a planet, and the lansscape starts to changeb
The bolder is now a telescope shot into space as part of rocket which collides with a meteor rock. Flying out of control it hurtles into space crash landing into the moon and the surface of the moon changes shape.
After the rock is made into a satellite dish lens he is flown into space in a huge rocket. He then hit's into some space debris and falls into a another planet. The planet looks sandy.
What was the original rock was used as the face of a satellite. It was broken in space and has landed on a planet.
the camera cuts to the rock now being refined glass and is a part on a rocket ship that has been launched into outer space. the camera cuts to people watching the rocket ship applauding. the rocket ship hits a planet body and chips the glass part that is the rock, and it spins off the rocket ship, and it lands on the moon.
The rock was turned into part of a satellite and shot into space and landed on a planet. Time began to pass very quickly after the rock smashed into the ground.
The rock continues it's adventures becoming ever smaller until it is part of the sand on a beach. The sand is used to manufacture a glass lens that is part of a rocket. The lens cracks when the rocket hits a boulder in space.
The rock had been fashioned into glass and was subsequently shown to have been made into a part of a satellite. The rocket that was taking off carried the satellite into space whereupon the satellite lost control, smashed into an asteroid and then crashed into a planet, burning up in the atmosphere as it went. It landed on the planet and became a part of the rocks on that world
The rock is now on the beach where it is scooped up with sand and sent to an incinerator that makes it into a flat piece of stone that is then used as the front of a rocket sent into space to destroy asteroids. When the rocket hits the asteroid it does not destroy it but instead bounces off and lands on another planet and becomes part of the terrain.
He's basically made into glass and has been a component for a space mission and has crashed into mars 
The rocket continues upwards, reaching outer space, where it opens up revealing a satellite inside. The protective cover over the front of the satellite is blown off revealing the glass plate, it's eyes look out at the cosmos beyond. Scientists down below push a red button, causing the satellite to thrust forward. Gaining speed, it crashes into an asteroid, before barreling off towards a moon. It burns up as it descends (despite there not being any atmosphere) and it crashes into the surface. Time speeds up once more as further aeons pass...
Our rock dude, who's now glass and part of the spaceship, is shot into space. He travels through space, eventually burning up as he lands on some alien planet where he falls.
Further into the movie the stone or rock ended up becoming a meteorite and landing on a planet. Interesting ways the fact that the objects around the stone or rock also had a form of life meaning eyes that could blank. Aside from that that was the meat and potatoes of the movie.
The rock keeps getting tossed around, eventually being molded to a coin looking object, ending up in space because it's the part of a space mission. And it melts when it gets close to the sun. 
The rock is launced into space aboard a rocket. The rocket undergoes separation, revealing the rock to now be a polished mirror for a space telescope. This telescope is being controlled from an ecstatic selection of scientists via some form of mission control. One presses a large red button, which causes the telescope to fire up its engine, and proceed at pace through space. The telescope hits an asteroid, and bounces of damaged. It limps to what looks like a moon of Neptune (possibly Triton). The telescope crash lands on the surface of the moon, where it appears to engulfed in a sped up process of geological upheaval.
Our hero is now a glass lens, and is being shot into space inside a powerful space rocket.  The rocket opens up, and the lens is shown to be a major part of a telescope satelite.  Mission control celebrate the sucessful launch.  Sadly, the satelite crashes into a meteor, becomes damaged, cracking the lens and bending a wing arm.  The satelite then crash lands into a moon or planet.
The Rock ended up getting to become part of the spaceship that was shot in the space and when the spaceship crashed on some kind of planet or moon.
The rocket flies into space. The top of the rocket opens to reveal the rock as the lens of a space telescope. The scients who designed it cheer and clap. Then the rocket hits an asteroid and is thrown off course and finally crashes on to the moon. The moon landscape starts to move
humans have altered the rock so much that it finds itself in space on a satellite and due to an accident, it lands on the moon
The Rock, that is now the glass window of a satellite, is launched into space and then crash lands on another planet. That's really all that's happened so far.
I gotta admit. This is so boring I can barely stay awake too. Some weirdness happened where the sand was turned into a glass plate and then somehow got to space. I am taking your study seriously but this disjointed, boring mess you have me watching is very taxing.
The viewing screen of the rocket is the former rock, and the rocket spins out of control and lands on a moon like structure. It looks like the rock will take on a new life here in this new area. 
They launched a sat into space with the now glass, then he headed into a moon after the scientists launched into space with no regard. now the eons turn again after crashing into the moon
The rock is now a piece of glass being launched into space on a rocket. The rocket reaches space and we see it detach apart to reveal a satellite. The face of the satellite is the piece of glass. The glass gets broken in space. We see the satellite burn up in an atmosphere and crash on either a moon or another planet. Time starts to jump as mountains begin to form. 
