The rock was in a museum; someone jolted the display case, the rock rolled away into a trash bin.  When that was emptied the rock rolled into the street where someone picked it up, threw it at a window.  The rock knocked over a person inside and flew through a window on the opposite side where we see a queue of depression era people.  The soundtrack is now jazzy.
People were looking at the fossilised rocks through the glass cabinet, when a young boy charged at the glass, which knocked the rock off its stand. It rolled down the back and came out of a stuffed bear head, which was on the wall. Just as it came out, an old cleaning man was walking by and the rock landed in his bin. He emptied the bin out on the street, where it rolled along. A man was walking by and saw the rock and started to kick it along the street. He was then by some buildings and picked the rock up and through it, breaking an upper window, where a couple were having some tea. It hid the man. on the head and he fell back and broke a piano.
A stone with a fossil inside is in a museum display, it falls from the display and ends up in a bin. It is then thrown out of the door and rolls across the street, a man picks it up and throws it through a window. 
The rock is now in a museum. A child smacks his face against the window obnoxiously which scares the rock and it falls backwards, out through the mouth of some taxidermy and into the rubbish bin that is being wheeled by the cleaner. The rubbish gets taken outside, the rock rolls out and gets kicked by a passer by as he is crossing the road. We now appear to be in 1920s America and jazz music is playing. The rock gets kicked into the window of a house where a well dressed couple are seated.
the rock which is now the size of a stone, while sitting in the meseum glass case with the other rocks, is encountered by a boy that pushes his face against the glass and bumping the glass, resulting in the stone now falling off and behind the glass case, falling down and through a headpiece exhibit into the janitors garbage, the janitor then throws the garbage with the stone in out the door, and the stone then rolls through the street, gets thrown into a house and rolls over the piano and out the window and falls down the one houses roof and into the street
While in the exhibit, a kid presses his face against the glass, and the rock falls out. While in the road a man picks up the rock and throws it into a window, and the rock flies out a window on the opposite side, travels across a power line, until eventually falling down.
The cannon ball fire by the military cannon hits the enemy ship and goes into the river. With water current, the stone comes out on the shore and tries to get some rest on a big glove but some archeologist or explorer picks it up and puts this newly shaped rock into a museum. From museum it accidently gets into the basket of a trash picker which in turn throws this rock out. This rock is picked up by a bystander on a street who throws it into a window where the rock hits and knocks down a husband sitting next to his wife. On the other hand, the rock crashes through the other window and comes out of that couple's house.
The rock is in a museum but falls out of its diplay. A janitor finds it and throws it out with the trash into the street. A man walking by kicks into into the air, and it goes through a window into a house and then passes through several buildings.
The stone is now in a museum, and looks at a fossil next to it. It wearily looks forward at a man taking notes in a notebook before a young boy jumps up against the display case, jostling it and knocking the stone out of the case, where it falls through the wall and out of a bear's mouth displayed on a wall, landing in a janitor's bin. The janitor looks around before tossing the contents of his bin out into the street. The stone breaks and rolls along the floor, and is kicked by an angry man holding flowers, who stops, throws his flowers to the floor and picks the stone up, throwing it through a window where a couple are having a date, hitting the man in the head. The stone rolls down the piano and out the window.
The rock was in a museum case when a kid suddenly put it's face on the glass that the rock was in. The rock got scared and jumped and tumbled backwards out of the case. It rolled through a pipe and into a janitor's trash can. It fell out of the trash can and then tumbled along a road in what looked like the 20's or 30's era. The rock was picked up by a man and thrown through a window. It flew through a building and came out a window on the other side of the building.
The rock is now displayed in a museum because there is a fossil inside of it. A kid bangs on the case the rock is being held in and falls off of it, falling into a janitors trash can. The rock is then dumped by the janitor and falls on the street. A man walking down the street picks up the rock and throws it through a window of a couple having dinner. The rock hits a man in the head, knocking him into a piano, then busts through another window back outside.
So while he's unhappy in the museum as a fossil, a kid startles him at the viewing glass and he falls out of the building through the head of a bear's mouth and lands into a janitor's cart. Then he gets thrown and breaks and is kicked and then is found by someone who throws him into a window where the woman he loves is on a date with another man and hits the man in the head and then the rock continues to roll.
A boy bashed into the display cabinet, which knocked the rock off its display. The rock tumbled through various rooms where a [art of it broke off, it ended up falling through a window and onto the street where a man started kicking it across the road, he picked it up and threw it through a window, knocking a man on the head, hitting piano and rolling outside. It somehow ended up in the sea, was tumbled and came to rest on the beach....
Still in a display case in a museum, an over eager child presses their face against the glass, which jostles the Rock. The Rock falls out the back of the case and tumbles along before being swept up by the janitor. The janitor throws the Rock out and it bounces along the street. Judging by the dress of the people, I'd say we are in or around the 1920s. Some guy picks up the Rock and chucks it into the air. It sails through a window, by a couple in an apartment, out another window, and bounces on an awning, above a line of people. That's where the video stopped, so I'm not 100% sure, but it looked like it was a bread line during the depression.
As you know the rock was in display at a museum  but a child hit the the display pretty hard causing the rock to fall backwards in which it found its way outside. It roll on the ground  was kick by a person then pick up and thrown into a window .
The alive rock that is now super tiny, lies in a museum watching people pass by. He is knocked out of his display case and falls into a bin. he is pushed out onto the street. A young man starts kicking the rock along the street. He then bends down and picks up the rock and throws him hard. We see the rock sailing through the air over a city. 
An annoying child causes the rock to fall off its mount and roll into a janitor's bin. From there it's emptied out onto the street, gets smashed again and kicked into the road. A passerby picks it up and throws it through a window, hitting someone's face before rolling out the other side and onto a queue of people.
The Rock looks kinda sad as he gets used to his life as a museum exhibit. Luckily for The Rock some kid bangs up against the glass of his exhibit and due to his new nature as a small rock looking thing, causes a crazy chain of reactions which ends up with The  carried, sliding, bouncing, and being hurled out of the exhibit. He's still moving through pretty fast and we're not sure where he's ended up yet.
The rock was in the display and a kid jumped at the glass and knocked him out the back of it, he rolled down a shoot into a garbage bin, got tossed into the street and then kicked by a man and tossed in a window. Bounced across a piano and out another window. 
Whilst the rock is in the museum being observed, a child bangs on the glass looking at it.The rock falls behind the curtain of the glass display into what looks like another room but ends up falling out into the cleaners bin. It then ends up the street, broken. A man then comes along, kicking it around and then ultimately  throwing it 
The rock is being showcased at a museum. It falls into a trash can, and we see it being kicked across all town into peoples houses.
The rock ha snow become a stone and has been taken from a museum onto the street where he was thrown through a window and hit someone.
The stone, now exhibited in a museum for the fossil embedded on it's side, sits alongside other stones adorned with fossils. Visitors gather around the display. Suddenly, an unruly pimple-faced child presses his face against the display glass, causing the display to tremble. The stone is dislodged from the case and tumbles down into a janitor's trash bin, which is wheeled away by the janitor. the janitor discards the stone into the street, because that's how trash is handled in this society. The stone, now a small rock, is kicked by a man on the street. Irritated by some jazz music, the man picks up the stone and hurls it towards a random window. It crashes through glass and strikes a man in the head as he converses with a woman. The man falls back while the stone, bouncing off of his head, falls out of a window and towards a line of people waiting outside a storefront.   
After being discovered to contain a trilobite fossil, the rock creature is displayed in a museum. An overzealous child presses his face against the glass display and knocks the creature from its perch in the display. It falls into a trash bin. When being thrown out, the creature is then expelled from the trash and lands on the street. A man in a yellow suit kicks it along, after breaking more of it off. He discovers his girlfriend is cheating on him, grabs the rock creature and hurls it into the window, hitting the cheating man in his face. 
The rock (Now a fossil) was still on display when a kid smacked the glass display case and the rock fell out the back and into a janitors bin. He in turn emptied that into the street. Some guy on his way to see a women picked it up and throw it through her window and it hit another guy in her apartment ( I assume thats why guy number one did it). It then fell out of that apartment. 
The rock is in a museum, a child bangs on the window and he falls off his display, he rolls down the back and shoots out of a wall into a caretakers bin. The caretaker empties the bin and the rock rolls down the street, he gets kicked along by a man and then picked up and thrown through a window where he hits a man in the face, rolls down the lid of a piano and ends up shooting out of another window on the other side of the building, he rolls down an awning and some power lines. 
The rock was knocked out of the display case by a child, and it fell into a janitor's cart and ended up in the trash, and then dumped on the street. A man kicked the rock along the street until he reached his girlfriend's apartment, where she was having dinner with another man. The first man picked up the rock and threw it through the window, where it struck the other man, bounced off of his head, and rolled down a piano top to fall out of another window.
It shows a screen where it says V. Invius as he is now on a display with some other rocks after discovering he has a fossil engrained in him. However, some young boy with huge teeth sticks his nose and face to the glass and knocks this rock to fall down and go through the mouth of some animal carved in a wall and falls into a janitor's basket. He then gets thrown off, and is traveling through different buildings, rolling down, one of which a sign of said Depression with people standing outside of it with a very older 1940s jazz music playing in the background, and then he ends up on a street sidewalk still rolling. Some man kicks him while he is holding a bouquet of purple flowers, and the man is hunched forward now done kicking the rock in the middle of the street, throws the rock through a person's window where it shows a woman and a man dining at a table listening to a piano play, the piano was seen as black, and then the rock gets rolled off the top of the grand piano. 
Our rock split apart and was put into a museum as he had a fossil in him.  A boy frightened our rock who fell off his stand and was then travelling along roads and places
the rock, which was displayed as a fossil at the museum, was knocked out of its display by a child. The rock fell onto the street, was kicked by a scorned lover, who threw it into a window hitting the man who was his rival for a woman. The rock hit the piano and fell out the opposite window.
