The rock continues to go through time and the seasons and ends up asleep in a semi-modern day age. It is awoken slowly by a man on top of him cutting down a tree. He tries to go back to sleep. He is then awoken by a lot of noise; there is a group of men all chopping and building things out of wood in what looks like a community. The rock seems annoyed and gets up and starts to walk into the woods.
Our main character the mountain has been eroded into a small boulder and has been woken up by a settler human chopping down a tree growing on its head which mildly annoys the sleepy boulder. As it is just about to go back to sleep a whole group of villagers begin building which causes the boulder to put its hands against its 'ears' from the noise and gets up fully, looking tired and scratching it's back. 
The season changes from winter to spring. A lumberjack cuts down a tree that has grown on top of the rock. The rock sees a group of people working in a nearby village. He pulls himself out of the ground and walks off towards the woods.
The eras continue and the rock ends up alot smaller on lot of grass with a tree growing on top of it when it wakes up. Then a man appears and begins to chop the tree down that is on top of the rock. Then to the right a group of men begin chopping more trees and building a structure. The rock is annoyed, covers its ears, then picks itself up and begins to move away from the progress happening.
The rock is pushed by an ice glacier and eventually settles in a field.  The rock is awoken by the sound of a man chopping a tree above the rock, the man stops and the rock is able to fall asleep once more.  The rock is then woken up once more to more men chopping wood and building what looks like a new town.  The rock pushes himself out of the ground and slowly walks away from the men and the noise that they are making.
The glacier eroded and moved the mountain rock character to a new place in what looks like spring time. The mountain rock was partially buried in the grass and had a tree growing above him. There was a man trying to chop the tree down. When the man moved away the mountain rock character got up and walked away. 
Time rolls on as the ice age gives way to a warmer period and the rock sleeps on in blissful ignorance. He is awoken by a human chopping down a tree that grows from the soil on the rock's head. He tries to go back to sleep but increased activity from humans keeps him awake. Unable to stand the noise and unable to sleep he pulls himself from the ground and walks off sleepily into the woodland.
There is a lumberjack chopping down a tree on top of a sentient rock. The rock is annoyed by the noise, and when he sees a whole bunch of lumberjacks he stands up and starts to walk away.
The rock formation has overgrown with a forest, on top of the rock a tree has grown that is now being chopped down. We hear more chopping when the camera pans out and shows them building houses around the rock. The rock gets up and leaves.
After some time, a tree has grown on top of the small rock. Next to the rock, there are construction workers trying to build a cabin. A construction worker cuts off the tree on the rock's head. They continue to cut the trunk into wood to build a cabin. It made a lot of noise and the rock was annoyed. The rock decided to get up and leave.
The top of the mountain, asleep, gets rolled along over a large amount of time. It finally comes to rest and a tree and grass grow on it. Humans disrupt his sleep with their construction and he wakes up and starts to walk away.
The glazier continues rolling the rock until it rolls to a stop and is covered by earth. The rock awakens to leaves falling onto his face, as it's revealed that a tree has grown on top of the rock. Next, a man begins chopping down the tree. When the rock realises he has come into contact with civilisation mankind, he decides that it would be a good time to move on. So, he pushes his body out of the earth, and he suddenly appears upright with two legs. The rock walks off to the left of the screen and into the forest. 
The rock went through winter, spring and summer until it settled in summer with grass covering it and a tree on top. A man then cut down the tree with an axe which caused the rock to be disturbed by the sound. Many men then began doing construction so the rock, disturbed again by the noise, got up and started to walk away. 
The mountain we saw at the start has existed for many years and has seen many different stages of humans. Eventually he is worn down to a rock, and then we see him woken up by a man who is chopping a tree on top of him. He does not like his surroundings so he pulls himself out of the ground and walks away.
The face that was once on a mountain has become a rock. He was snoozing in the ground when he was awoken by a bunch of labor men doing work on the ground. Once he was awake, he lazily stumbled away from the group. 
The mountain has over time eroded and at that point has turned into a boulder that gets pushed along by a glacier. As if it were a time-lapse, the glacier pushes the boulder across the screen from left to right and the boulder continues to get smaller as it is being pushed, the environment also changes alongside this happening to symbolise the amount of time and conditions that have passed. The boulder gets buried underneath a plain of grass and ends up becoming a little grass verge in a field where a tree grows out of its head. During all of this the boulder is asleep. The boulder wakes up, disgruntled, when a man begins chopping the tree on its head with an axe, the screen pans out and you see there is what looks like a village being developed and there are trees being chopped all around him. He then stands up and walks away.
The rock gets rolled into a grassy meadow. It wakes up and a farmer is chopping down a tree that has grown on top of the rock. The rock stands up and gets out of the ground. Around the rock farmers are at work.
The rock rolls into a forest. A tree is growing on it. A man chops down the tree. Then we see many men working, appearing to build a town. The rock then stands up and begins walking away from the construction.
We see the rock weathered and then the weather changes from cold to warmer weather. The rock now is sleeping and then is woken up by a man chopping down a tree on top of the rock. The rock tries to go back to sleep, but there is more noise of chopping, and the screen pans out to show more people chopping wood and building stuff. The rock then gets up and starts walking away from the people.
An iceberg came along and hit the mountains face and sent it rolling until it came to a stop. Upon stopping, it was rooted in place and a tree began to grow on top. Men soon came to extract the wood and were extremely loud which upset the mountains face. He then decided to uproot and seemed to be looking for a new location.
After being moved by the glacier the stone with a face settles and trees grow around him with one growing on top of him. A man comes and chops down the tree, which annoys the stone. More men come and set up a building site, the stone is annoyed by the sound and he gets up out of the ground and walks away.
The mountain has been eroded away to become a rock half stuck in the ground, he is finally awoken from his sleep by a man chopping down the tree on his head, and then more people starting to build a town. nHe is annoyed by the noise and pushes himself out of the ground and starts to walk away on tree stump legs 
The Rock rolls down to a green grass area. when it wakes up there's a tree on its head with a man chopping the tree. The man walks off the rock and the rock gets up and starts walking. As its walking there's a group of people chopping wood.
the rock wakes up on a new landscape, a tree forms and somebody chops it down to build houses.nthe rock grows legs and walks away
The rock is awoken by hack saw noises. He awakes and notices a person chopping a tree at the top. Then decides to walk away into the forest.
The rock sleeps for thousands of years and when he awakes he is woken by people chopping down trees which is noisy. He gets up and walks away
Thr rock has awoken from its long hibernation to humans cutting down wood and working their land. 
The rock gets rolled to another season. The rock wakes up to a man chopping a tree on top of the rock. The rock gets so annoyed with the sounds humans are making so it gets up and starts walking.
The ice age came and glaciers rolled the rock away from it's original position. Then grass and trees grew around and on top of the rock in it's new position. The rock was awakening from a sleep when a man started to chop down the tree that was growing on top of the rock. The man walked off with his chopped down tree and the camera panned to civilisation beginning as man started to use tools and harvest the land. The rock was unhappy with what he was seeing and pulled itself out of the ground and started to walk away.
The rock is awoken by some heavy banging sounds above its head. We zoom out and see that a man is cutting down the tree above the rock with an axe which is causing the sound. We then zoom out further and see lots of men working manually on various projects nearby. The rock gets up on its feet and rubs the side of its head before slowly walking off away from all of the men.
