The rock is taken by soldiers and made into a smaller piece to be used in war, like a cannon ball.....it eventually is fired through the cannon ball and then hits a tree, breaking the tree.  It then flies through the air and hits the water and then sinks to the bottom.
The rock was made into a cannon ball and used in war. It lands in a body of water after being fired and is swept away in the current. 
The rock is pulled from the hill he decided to rest on and turned into a grain mill. After that, it appears that a war has begun and he is taken from the mill and turned into a cannonball. From there he is loaded into a cannon and shot into an enemy ship. He falls ito the ocean and is washed away by the current. 
A group of soldiers in 1800s uniforms have captured the mountainous rock shown in the previous clip, and they have shaped it into a cannonball. They fire it from a cannon towards a wooden ship that appears to be part of a war or battle. The cannonball damages the ship and falls into the sea. We see it on the sea bed where it is caught in the current and washed away out of sight.
The rock has gone from being used as a means of producing food items and materials, to being used as a bomb cannon in a war over the seas. The rock is flung from a cannon onto a ship and breaks all of the wood. The rock then slowly sinks to the bottom of the ocean and is with many undersea animals, as he looks confused and scared.
the rock from the begining grew legs and walked away from the people, but then got picked up and turned into stuff that people use. like a thing in a windmill and canonballs. the rock is being sucked up by currents.
The rock with the face is taken out of the mill by soldiers and is then shaved into the shape of a cannonball and then placed in the end of cannon by the soldiers. It is then fired during a battle and ends up falling into the sea. It then hits the bottom of the sea and is taken along with the current. 
The Union Army creates a cannonball out of the stone and shoots it at the Confederate Army. The stone hits a ship's mast but then falls into the water, where it gets swept along by a current underwater.
The rock seems to be the symbolic for someone trying to live a quiet and idyllic life, but they're being pulled in multiple directions. At the beginning of the clip, the rock was forced into manual labor and then forced to fight in battle. It ultimately ends up discarded and at the bottom of the ocean.
The rock was turned into a cannonball. The rock cannonball was put in a cannon and blasted to attack another ship, which it broke a big wooden pole on the ship. The cannonball broke apart and the small piece of rock went into the water. The rock was then swept up by the current
The soldiers crushed him into smaller pieces. they than ground him into a canon ball. They put him in a cannon on a ship and fired him onto the oppositions ship which broke the mast of the ship. He than landed in the sea and the current swept him away. 
The rock was ground into a canon ball and fired in battle by soldiers destroying ships in the Sea, the rock broke and was swept along by the current under the water where other sea creatures were also living 
After being smashed into small pieces the rock is formed into a cannonball and fired from a ship during what appears to be the US Civil War. After landing in the water, the now slightly deformed rock gets swept away in the current.
After going through what seems as a life long transformation the one time mountain has now been broken down to a mere stone and used as a cannonball in a war ...being shot and ending up in a river.
All sudden he woke up with humans chopping tree's, somehow it turned to smaller rock. He just wanted to sleep instead humans abused him making him even smaller till he goes to the sea.
The mountain became more of a rock and was ground and shaped into a cannon by an army. It was then put into a cannon and fired from the side of a boat. It flew through the air, hit a tree snapping it and landed in the water sinking to the bottom. It tried to cling on to the seabed but got washed out to sea by the current.
The rock gets made into a cannonball and is shot out and his a ship. It then falls into the water broken into pieces and is being washed away with the river.
there was a tree growing on top of the rock and a farmer cut down the tree and then many other farmers built around the large rock. the rock picked himself up and walked off finding another rock to live by. then a group of men took the rock's nose and decided to make a wheel out of it to flow water. time passes and war starts they take the rock break it into pieces and create a stone ball out of the rock to fire out of the cannon. 
The rock was shaped into a round ball using old equipment and a few soldiers carry that rock and place it in a cannon. They fire the cannon and the rock lands on the enemy's side, breaking into smaller pieces. One of the pieces lands in an ocean river. The rock tries to the hold onto something at the bottom of the ocean since it was being pulled by a whirlpool.
The rock is shaped into a cannonball and fired from a presumably American ship. It hits the tall pole part of the enemy ship and slightly splinters into the water. The rock is then washed away by a strong current
The scene shows the living rock with human activity surrounding it. The rock tires of the sound of humans chopping down trees around it and gets up and moves to a quieter location. A group of humans then find the rock and take it, moving it to a flour mill where it is carved and shaped and used for a whetstone. The army then appears at the flour mill and the rock is taken and crushed into stone which is then used as cannonballs on a ship during a war, where it is used to sink a ship. Following this the rock is then sunk to the bottom of the ocean where it is carried away amongst a strong current.
the rock wakes up he as a tree on is head that a man is trying to chop down then hes made into a stone that spins in a bread factory then hes made into a cannon ball then ends up in the sea
The rock is turned into a cannonball in the american civil war and is fired out of a cannon before sinking a confederate ship. It then ends up in the water and is pulled along by the current with some fish. Stop falling asleep, maybe its a medical condition?
The guards grind the rock down into a cannonball that they fire at a ship from a cannon.  The cannonball breaks through the ship's mast before landing in the sea.  It is then washed ashore
Mr Rock was turned into a cannon ball and fired at a ship. He fell into the sea and has been washed on to a beach of pebbles.
The soldiers had moulded the rock into ammunition and it was used to sink battle ships. It fell in to the sea and was washed around at the bottom of the sea
The mountain had been crushed in a rolling mill. It was then turned into a cannon ball by the Union army. It was then issued to the navy and used in a battle against the confederate fleet. When fired, the stone ball, smashed a wooden mast, leading to its distintegration. A piece of it feel to the bottom of the sea and was then dragged out by the tide, and buffeted agains the sea bed. It grew smaller and became a pebble.   
After the mountain  rock was crushed, it was ground down and made into a cannonball, then shot into an opposing ship in a naval war.  It then falls into the sea and is swept away by the current, trying to hold onto rocks to settle.  it can't cling on. 
The rock was fashioned into a cannonball and then fired from a canon at an enemy ship which broke the mast. Afterwards he fell in a river and got washed out to the sea and was washed away with the current. He held onto another rock and ended up in the ocean where he started. 
The rock was reshaped my soldiers who turned him into a cannonball and there fore he was now made for destruction. Once shot he hit the sail of the boat creating damage. However he was in the water and floated away where he was seen as a rock on the sea bed
