So the rock friend laid down again and an archeologist or geologist or something came over and immediately picked him up and giggled with glee because the rock guy had a fossil in him.  So he was placed in a museum behind glass with other fossils and people in the museum looking at him and the other fossils looked at him too.  Then a kid hit the glass glass suddenly and it shocked the rock friend who tumbled backwards off the display, fell through a hole through an animal head hanging on a wall, into a janitors garbage bag, who then tossed him out on the street.  He broke apart a tiny bit and then was kicked across the street by an angry guy holding flowers who you now see on screen.
The rock was taken and showcased in a natural history museum. One kid banged on the glass so hard, that the rock fell and accidentally ended up in trash bin. The trash was thrown out on the streets and man holding a flower kicker a rock across the street.
The archaeologist took the rock to a museum where some kid slammed his face against the display case, knocking it down and it rolled into a janitors trash bin. The janitor dumped the bin out into the street where a man came along and kicked it.
The rock is found by an archaeologist. He displays the rock in a museum. The rock gets launched through a hole in the wall and out on to the street .
The rock was then used as a canon to defend the land .The rock ended up in a stream of water then someomefpnd the rock and put him at the Musuem with other rocks and fossils 
The geologist takes the rock after finding it contains a fossil to be displayed at a museum.  Its placed between others and given a classification for people to view.  A over excited child hits the glass display causing the stone to roll backwards and drop into a janitors bin.  The janitor wonders what the noise was but keeps walking he then throws the contents into the street where a man who seems angry begins kicking the stone to the other side of the street.
The rock is taken away by an archeologist because of the fossil inside him. The rock wakes up and he is in a display in a museum. The rock looks around the display to see other rocks with fossils inside them. A boy gets to close and smacks the display hard. The rock falls backwards out of the display. The rock falls into the garbage that a caretaker was pushing down the hall. The caretaker opens a door and throws the garbage outside. The rock is thrown onto the street, where a man starts kicking him down the street....
the rock became a fossile in a museum. then it got knocked off into a trash can. then thrown to the street. 
The rock with the fossil gets put on display in a museum. A child hits the glass of the display and knocks the rock so it falls through a bears mouth into a cleaners bin. The rock gets knocked out into the street, cracks into a smaller rock and gets kicked around.
finally, the stone was sharpened again and placed onto a shield  and the humans used it to fight war during the fight the stone fell under the sea and one animal that lives in the sea tried to pull it and could not and it was swept out of the water and managed to walk to find a place to rest and it looked so sad and crying from what it went through and another human found it just as it was about get comfortable to rest and the human took it and put it into a museum and something hit it and bounced and fell and land on the janitor's  bucket and until it was on the street being kicked the another human walked crossing the street
The rock is placed in a display of fosils in a museum and is observed by many people.  An over-enthusiastic boy bumps into the display case and dislodges the rock out of the back of the case and it falls into the waste bin of a passing cleaner.  The cleaner empties the waste including the rock into the street, where the rock is kicked by a pedestrian and tumbles along the street.
the rock was placed in a museum because it had a fossil inside in and then it was accidentally thrown out with the rubbish
The rock was put in a museum, presumably as an ancient fossil. A weird child push their face into the glass container and it knocked the rock out of place and into a garbage of a janitor where it was then thrown out like trash.
the archeologist who found him had discovered a fossil of some old creature inside that rock and so brought him to area to display his discovery, a old museum if you will, but a child so excided accidently knocked him over to then he fell inside a janitor cart and was thrown out to the road.  
The rock was displayed in a glass case. A boy shook the case and the rock rolled out of the back of the case. It landed in the janitors cart, and was threw out with the rubbish. It rolled into the street. A man walking, holding a bunch of flowers, began to kick the rock down the street.
The ground down rock has been picked up by a archeologist and has been carried away in his box. Next, there is a bright flash of a camera and he is in a museum with the fossil on his back showing. Suddenly a boy comes right up to the screen and knocks the rock backwards. He falls out of the case, into the janitors bin, and then rolls out onto the street and towards the drain.
The rock ends up in a museum and a photographer is taking a picture of his display.. he is a fossil. He is displayed next to some other fossils. An excited kid bangs on the glass and he falls backwards out his display case and into a bin. The cleaner throws the rubbish out onto the pavement.
The rock became part of an exhibition in a musuem, with people gawking and taking pictures of it. A child exciteatdly pounds the glass of the rocks exhibition, which caused the rock to fall backwards out of the exhibition. The rock eventually falls into the janitors bin, which goes unnoticed. The janitor eventually throws the contents of the bin into the street. The rock breaks a bit, becoming smaller and rounder, a man on the street starts kicking the rock around like a football
The rock was picked up by the man with glasses. The man with glasses then examined the rock and realised it contained a fossil in it. The rock was put in a glass cabinet on display in a museum. The glass cabinet was then hit by a child, and the rock wobbled and fell backwards off his display case and accidentally into the trash. The janitor throws the trash out and into the street, where a random passer by kicks the rock down the street while he walks. The rock is now very small and has become a stone or pebble.
the archaeologists saunters off with the rock. It jumpcuts to a museum where the rock with its fossil are put on display behind glass. A kid abruply presses their face to the exhibit and the force knocks the rock backwards out of the display, where they eventually land in a supplies bin being wheeled by a janitor. A montage begins where the rock is kicked around the city and ultimately tries to get shuteye on a glove.
The rock with the fossil is taken away and put on display in a museum with other rocks which contain fossils. A young boy knocks the display and the rock ends up falling in the trash can where it is then chucked out on to the street. A piece of the rock breaks off when it hits the street. A man who is walking along holding a bunch of flowers starts to kick the rock down the street.
The rock was at an auction. When one man held on the window it fell into a cleaning bin and the man threw it outside. it was kicked by another man.
An archaeologist found this piece of rock in the forest, and surprisingly found out there was an amoeba specimen in the back of the rock. The archaeologist then brought it to a museum as an exhibit. For some reason, the rock got startled and fell into a janitor's bucket.
The rock is being displayed at a mueseum when it is made to fall out on the other side by a curious kid. The rock then falls into a bin which is later thrown out onto the street and then kicked around by a man who happens to have had a bad date of the date did not show up. 
The rock is taken to a museum as he has a fossil on him. A kid puts his face against the grass and knocks him over. He falls out of the museum cabinet and into a cleaners bin. The cleaner throws the bin and him out onto the street where a kid starts kicking him across the street.
He ended up as a fossil in a museum! While he was behind a glass enclosure, an excited museum patron rushed up to the glass and when he put his hands on the glass, the force knocked the fossil loose. The fossil then rolled back and ended up in the garbage man's can. When the garbage man went to dump the can over, the fossil rolled out into a city street, where he was then accidentally kicked across the road by a city dweller.
The Rock was brought to a museum and then inspected and photographed. There was another animated fossil next to him. The Rock ended up being thrown away and is now out on the streat being kicked around by passerbyers. 
The little rock is put on display in a museum because he has a fossil inside of him. People are taking pictures and admiring the collection when a little bow bangs himself against the glass causing the little rock to fall out of the display case. He falls down a garbage shoot and ends up in a janitors bin who just throws him into the street. Then a random citizen begins to kick the rock down the road.
After the rock was found to have a fossil inside it was taken away to a museum and but on display. By accident it was knocked of a shelf into a rubbish bin and thrown into the street where broke into a smaller piece and a man kicked it across the street.
the rock is taken by the paleonthologist to a museum and put on display with other fossils. A horrible boys pulls a face and scares it so it jumps out and ends up in the rubbish of the janitor, who tips it out onto the street and into a drain.
