It's now getting even more fantastical. We saw the rock transformed into glass.  This forms part of a spacecraft; we see that being launched and then the part containing the rock hits some asteroids  and is damaged 
Two men in bio suits, picked up the rock, which was then placed on to a space rocket. The rocket went up and released a satellite, which the rock was at the front of. It then hit an asteroid field and broke the satellite up and it then began to fall towards a planet.
The rock is crushed and becomes part of a rocket, that is launched into space, the rock cracks. 
the rock has been turned into a part that is used for a rocket. The rocket blasts into space and hits a meteor which destroys the rocket and rock tumbles through space
After being made into glass, he is sent into space by being the front window of a satellite, shot into space on a rocket, it breaks up and the satellite containing the glass window then crashes into a planet or astroid and breaks a piece of the glass off but continues flying through space
The rock is taken to a facility of some sort, where 2 masked people look over him, then everything goes dark. Next we're watching a rocket fired into space, leaving Earth's orbit. A smaller capsule breaks off and we see the rock is at the front of the capsule. The capsule travels forward, eventually hitting an asteroid and bouncing off it, spinning and spinning away.
After going through so much mess with cars and heavy machinery, the rock is finally put into a big furnace from where it comes out as a flat cylindrical shaped object. It appeared like a lens for a satellite. Attached with the satellite this rock goes into space with the space shuttle. 
The rock is melted down into glass and becomes part of a glass plate. This is then fitted as part of a satellite. The satellite is launched into space and collides with a planet.
The glass clatters to the floor and is shunted forward by a fork to two men in protective suits, who cover it with a box. The scene shifts to a rocket launching into space, which separates and releases a probe, which the glass is installed in. The scene shifts to the control room, where people cheer. A man pushes a red button, starting the probe's engine, sending it careening through space. It bounces off an asteroid, one of its solar panels crumpled by the impact as it spins out of control towards the moon of a blue planet with a ring.
The rock was pressed into a glass disc and was used as the head of a satellite. The satellite was launched into space and rocked toward a meteor. The satellite broke and the rock's glass disc face was chipped and it was spiraling out of control in space.
The rock is now some sort of glass plate. Two scientists place the plate in a box and it is then installed of a satellite. The satellite is then blasted into space.
After the rock was pressed into a disc, he is picked up by some people in biohazard looking suits and then is placed onto a satellite where he is launched into space and then he hits some space rock and is cracked.
Apologies, I hit the button too quickly!nThe rock had been knocked around on the road, was run over by a steam roller, during the process become smaller and smaller, then was swept along by a man with a broom onto a beach to join other grains of sand. A digger picked up a bucket-load of sand, the sand (including our rock) was dropped on a conveyor belt heading towards a furnace where it was transformed into a round glass window. The window was placed in the front of a satelite and shot into space where it hit an asteroid and was damaged......
So now the Rock is a circle of glass. 2 figures in hazmat suits approach and box up the Rock. Next we see the launch of a rocket and the release of it's payload. We can see that the payload is a space telescope and that the Rock is now being used as the lens. It careens off and smashes into an asteroid.
The rock was compressed into glass. Then used in a telescope that was sent to outerspace. It crashed into some asteroids and the glass broke and now we wait to see what happens again.
The rock has been flattened down and is almost completely clear. He is used by the scientists to become part of a rocket. the rocket is then sent into space. We see the rock at the forefront of the rocket blinking away as he soars into space. 
The rock is blasted into space as the glass cover of a satellite. All appears to be well then it smashes off a comet and breaks apart. It changes course through space.
They've refined our Rock pal into a giant lens! The Rock (now Lensy) is repurposed into a giant space lens for a rocket ship and is unwillingly sent into space. Things seemed to be going pretty well but then the rocket ship hit an asteroid, cracking Lensy and causing the rocket ship to start spiraling out of control. We're currently waiting to see how things are going to play out for Lensy and the rocket ship.
The glass was used in a rocket and then shot into space. The rocket broke apart and it showed the glass at the top of the rocket and then it started crashing into stuff.
The rock is then made into glass which is then used as some compartment to a space ship. the ship is then launched into space and whilst in space, smashes into another rock and the glass is smashed
The rock gets reconstructed into glass shield. The glass shield is used into making a spaceship. We see the rock now glass being sent into space, where it crashes into asteroid field.
The stone has ended up being ground into glass and used on a spaceship. It has been launched into space where it has hit another rock and been broken.
The stone, now a minuscule grain of sand among countless others is transformed into a glass lens. Specifically crafted for a telescope destined for space exploration, the lens is fixed onto a telescope--like the Hubble telescope. It is then sent off into space at great speeds. It bounces off of an asteroid before stopping at its final destination. The lens then focuses on the distant stars and galaxies. Nasa scientists peer through this lens and celebrate. 
After being turned into a glass lens, the creature becomes a part of a satellite being sent into space. The creature is sent hurling into outer space as the NASA engineers cheer. He collides with an asteroid and suffers a break in his face.   
Well you know how it had been turned into a glass disk. They loaded that disk onto a space rocket and sent it out into space. We saw the base on earth looking through the lens that the rock had become into space. It then hit an asteroid and damaged the rocket span away
The rock is now sand and is melted down to become the lens of a satelite. He gets blasted into space and hits some debri so he gets cracked.
The glass lens was attached to a satellite and launched into space. NASA was initially happy with a successful launch, but it hit an asteroid and was damaged and thrown off course.
The rock wakes up on a floor of a warehouse and there are two yellow arms of a machine hovering over him. A person in a full grey protective bodysuit like a welder would wear, is seen wearing almost a gas mask, and he puts a square black tray over the rock. A scene is shown of a rocket launching a rocket into space, and it showing the various parts of take off, upon launch, and when it gets close to the Earth's atmosphere, and then breaks off parts of it to launch into space. It then shows the rock is at the center (potentially with a camera built into him now) and the front of the rocket hits bigger rocks in space, but its shown that he broke a little bit as well as the glass on the rocket. The rocket was red and yellow and the scene ends with the camera showing the rocket go into the depths of outer space, with just stars and a black universe ahead. 
after being on an awfully big adventure our little rock is then put onto the front of a space rocket. He is then fired into space where he bounces off several meteors
after being melted into glass, the rick was added to a spaceship and launched. It hit a meteorite and cracked.. the spaceship then went off course.
