The rock goes to sleep and dreams about the past times when dinosaurs roamed the earth, and then when the ice age occurred.  He is then woken up by a man throw bits over him and the grass has grown over him.
The mountain falls asleep and while it's sleeping the seasons and landscape change. When it wakes up it is now the size of a boulder in a different environment. 
The rock dozed off and basically went through the different time periods including the dinosaurs, the great extinction, and the ice age. At the end of the part missed, the rock was now a small mound covered in grass hay and there was a farmer on top of him. 
A large rocky mountain is seen, with cartoon eyes and a mouth, creating the impression of a face and that the mountain is sentient. The mountain begins to look sleepy and close it's eyes. It falls asleep and the landscape around it shifts and evolves dramatically, indicating the passing of many millions of years. The mountain changes shape, snow falls, glaciers re-shape and move the mountain. Eventually the mountain wakes up as trees and grass grow on it. The mountain is woken by a man swinging an axe and chopping a tree that is growing on the mountain.
It reaches night time which is visible by the dark purple sky, in which 'the rock' begins to fall asleep. then dinosaurs and other animals come out and chaos ascends. the rock not only sleeps for the night, but throughout many seasons, in which the rock turns to snow in winter, and gets crushed by ice. the rock wakes up in spring warmer weather and looks confused.
A fish was running from something.
The mountain with eyes and nose fall asleep then the landscape starts to transform an it turns from summer into winter. The landscape moves in from the left crushing the mountain into a ball which disapears.  It is in prehistoric times and we then see two dinosaurs moving over the new landscape.
The rock falls asleep. As it sleeps, time passes in the world. We see dinosaurs come and go and geological formations alter the landscape. In the instant before the clip ends, we see a man chopping a tree.
The clip showed the lifecycles of a rock through different life changes and seasons. It ends with someone trying to break the rock.
The rock fell asleep. It then went through a transistion while the rock was sleeping showing the change in the scenery around the rock. It went from the original to showing the dinasours. After that it moved to the dessert and then the ice age. During the ice age, an iceberg crashed into the rock which made it become smaller. It then changed the scenery to the green grass where the rock has grass growing on it. The rock was woken up by banging sounds of the guy standing on him cutting a tree on top of himn
Time past by, thousands of years. from the age of the dinosaurs to the ice age then to our present time which caused the mountain to wither away into a rock that now has a tree growing on him.
The rock fell asleep, then it went through all the ages like the ice age, dinosaurs etc and everything kept changing with evolution so all the surroundings altered to match the evolution stage but at the end it stopped back at leafy trees and the rock was a tree with a man standing there trying to chop it down .
The rock falls asleep looking over its home valley. Millenniums pass, dinosaurs come and go, an ice age begins and a glacier slides through and breaks off the rock and rolls it to a new location. The rock wakes up.
The setting that the friend first witnessed before falling asleep underwent a time laps. the Mountain when through what seems to be 4 season or even an ice age. 
There is a mountain that sleeps and during his sleep it go by many years through the ice age till todays date.
A mountain can be sign presiding over the land. It cycles through the dinosaurs, an ice age, then the mountain shrinks and falls to be covered by greenery. Then a woodcutter can be seen standing on top of the smaller mountain.
The rock falls asleep and then the world starts to evolve quickly, into dinosaurs roaming around then to the ice age then finally to a green meadow. All this time the rock becomes smaller as the world around it grows and finally it ends up as a small hill with a tree on top of it when a man comes and starts the chop down the tree as the rock wakes up.
the rock falls asleep and during its time a sleep the seasons change and the rock is hit by a glaciers that takes it through the sea and it becomes much smaller and has a new area to live. 
The big rock mountain with a face on it, falls asleep and we see a timelapse of millions of years, with dinosaurs chasing each other, mammoths, trees growing. The rock mountain is asleep while all this is happening, and then we hear tree branches breaking and the rock mountain almost waking up. Finally we see that the noise was coming from a man chopping down a tree that was on top of the rock. The rock also shrunk in size.
The mountain rock fell asleep and time passes by quickly. It goes from the prehistoric era with dinosaurs, to deserts to the ice age with mammoths. It stops when the stone is mostly buried under grass and is awoken by a man chopping a tree that has grown on top of it
The scene begins underwater showing flourishing wildlife including sharks and squid. It then pans out to a mountain that appears to be living, with eyes and a mouth. A fast forwarded evolutionary process then takes place showing the landscape evolving, from dinosaurs running on the land to mammoths and finally a human chopping down a tree.
the hill rock as a face and falls asleep but all around him changers  like a iceberg its him  
The rock, like you, falls asleep and the passage of millions of years is represented by the landscape changing around it. First come dinosaurs, then mammoths and an ice age before we land on a shot of a human cutting down a tree that has grown on the rock's head. If the mountain, and yourself, hadn't fallen asleep, they would have known this.
it shows a rock through different ages over time.  At first there are dinosaurs, in the prehistoric age then an icberg in the ice age and then at the end the rock is covered in grass with a tree on top.  a man comes along with an axe to chop the tree
The rock gets sleepy and falls asleep for a long, long time. The scene shows the passing or millennia, including the dinosaur era. The rock has just woken up...
the rock which was in the background of the picture closed its eyes and time seemed to move on through the ages. Ice from the planet moved the rock along and then a man was seen trying to cut it down
A mountain overlooked vegetation and dinosaurs. Over time the local environment became a desert, followed by frozen conditions. This led to a glacier developing which eroded the mountain down to a much smaller size. The climate then warmed up, vegetation returned and a tree grew on top of the remnants of the mountain.  A man then chopped the tree down.
The mountain with the face looks tranquil, it falls asleep and we see the landscape change.  It runs through the prehistoric period, desert and then onto the ice age where a glacier comes across and wears it down, rolling the mountain into a new landscape and much smaller.  Grass grows on top and then a tree, the mountain is woken up by a man chopping the tree down. 
The rock fell asleep and lots of time passed such as the dinosaur age and ice age. The rock woke up in what appeared to be present time, and when it woke up grass had grown on his head, which was being tended to by a gardener. 
The rock fell asleep and it showed that time elapsed including the phreostoric and ice age, those changes also mean that he had shrunk and a man was on top of him hacking at a tree
