The mill where the rock was a millstone was overrun by soldiers who took the rock, smashed into smaller pieces, one of which became a cannonball being fired from a riverboat.  Looks like we're now in the american civil war
The rock was still a grinding rock and it just showed him going round and round and getting dizzy. All of a sudden, some soldiers broke down the door to the mill. They looked around, saw the grinding rock and dismantled it and took it away. The soldiers then started to break up the rock and smooth it off into a ball shape. We the saw the ball being loaded into a cannon, so the rock is now a cannonball.
A stone which was used as part of a flour mill, was taken away by some soldiers and crushed into pieces and then fired out of a canon. 
The rock was being used as a device to churn milk. Then these soldiers burst through the door and took the rock so they can use it for their military operations. The rock ends up getting turned into a cannon ball and is fired out of a cannon.
The rock was then used as a turntable structure to pump water, in the next scene army people entered the house, took the rock and then left.  The army people then proceeded to crush the rock into pieces using a large crushing machine, and then filing down the pieces to create cannon balls.  The rock was then places into a cannon and one army person blows a whistle and about to shoot the cannon off
It continued showing life in the village, with some other rocks looking on in a nearby valley. Suddenly a group of soldiers came to the village and entered the building where the rock was. They took the rock away, and used a big machine to smash it into smaller pieces, then smoothed it out until it was in the shape of a sphere. Then they showed a bunch of cannons being fired, presumably with the rock in one of them.
The big rock that was once the part of a mountain fell apart from mountain and was taken by the people to use as a flour grinding mill or stone is now stolen by the military guys.and was further carved into a cannon ball to fire at enemy. 
The rock has been made into a millstne and is grinding flour. Some soldiers arrive and remove the rock from the mill. They break it into parts and fashion one into a cannonball, which is fired from a canon.
The stone wheel is used to mill flour by a man and a woman. The wheel continues to spin as the seasons rapidly change, until it finally stops completely. Some soldiers enter the mill and look around, before they begin to leave, dragging the wheel behind them. The wheel is placed beneath a crusher and broken into pieces, and his face is shaped and polished into a sphere, before being placed into a cannon that is preparing to fire.
The rock was used to power a watermill and became dizzy. Time passed and police officers from what looked like WWI came in and took the rock. They shaped it and repurposed it, making it smaller so that it became a cannonball. They put the rock into a cannon and a police officer rang a bell and blew a whistle.
The rock, which started as the mountain in the previous part of the movie, is sanded down and turned into a part of a machine by the people. After a long time, shown by the changing of seasons, some soldiers walk in and take the rock. The rock is then turned into a cannonball and shot from a cannon.
So the rock is being used by the farmer when all of a sudden he gets dizzy and soldiers burst through the door. They haul the rock away and then smash him and grind him and then turn him into a cannon ball. They are about to shoot him off.
Our hero and protagonist, 'The Rock' was used as a millstone, in a passage of time moment, it spun very quickly changing times to a later date in history when a group of soldiers removed the rock, carried it to where it was crushed beneath a heavy crushing weight, then the main piece of rock was shaped and smoothed to form a cannon ball which was placed in a cannon .....
Okay, so the Rock is now being used as millstone in a mill. Next, the door to the mill opens and some soldiers march in. They're wearing the uniforms of Union soldiers, so we are in the US, sometime in the 1860s during the American Civil War. The soldiers take the Rock away, and grind it down from a millstone to a cannonball, and he ends up being fired out of a cannon during a battle.
After the rock was being used for a machine army men entered the workshop and confiscated the table rock. They then crushed the rock and made it round and used it has a cannonball . They shot the  rock cannonball and it flew to its destination.
The rock that is alive is still part of the water mill spinning and spinning. He cannot escape. Some policemen arrive and take the rock away. they use a machine to file the rock down even smaller until he is ball shaped. they intend to use him as a canon ball. The policemen load him into a canon. we see the rock blinking in shock and terror. 
The rock continued as a millstone for a bit, then he was captured by civil war troops. They smashed him into a cannonball and fired him from a ship.
Our unfortunate friend The Rock has been turned into a mill. He spends his days milling about and being used to make rice for some farmers. A bunch of time passes and some soldiers come in to take him away from the farmers. He then gets repurposed into a cannonball for some sort of war.
The rock was spinning along and then some soldiers came crashing into the room. They took the rock and crushed it down and turned it into a cannon ball and then shot him out.
it looks as if the rocks world blurs into a mix of spinning while the world around it changes. It then abrubtly stops with a group of army men entering the room, which now looks like a storage room. They then carry the rock out, break it into pieces, mold it into a ball and then it looks as if they are about to use the rock in a cannon.
We see the rock being used by humans to grind wheat. The rock is then taken by the military where it gets crushed into a cannon ball. And the rock is now being used to fight war.
The rock went from finding itself working in a mill as a grinding stone to playing a part in the civil war. He is not too happy about it
The mountain has been reduced to a mere rock over eons. It undergoes another transformation as it is turned into a grinding wheel by a bunch of colonial settlers.  Figures resembling soldiers enter the mill and take the stone wheel. With deliberate precision, the soldiers break the stone wheel and grind it into a spherical form. The solders then load this cannonball into a cannon and shoots into the air 
After being ground into a grain grinding wheel, the rock spirit is stolen by a group of soldiers in blue uniforms. They take the creature and smash him under a large machine. From there, he is then ground into a round shape, to be used as a cannon ball. He is then loaded into a cannon and shot into the air.
Well as you know the rock was carried away and machined into a mill stone. It continued to mill and produce floor I suspect and got very dizzy. After which the army turned up and took it away. They then turned it into a cannon ball and loaded it into the cannon
The rock was turned into a mill stone at a water mill, he watches the seasons change through the window. Then soldiers burst in and take him, they crush him and smooth him to turn him into a cannon ball. They show a solider loading him into a canon.
Several rocks outside watched as the rock that was turned into a wheel was used, for season after season. One day, soldiers came in and took the grinding wheel. They took it back to their fort and crushed it into smaller pieces with a big machine. They smoothed and carved one of those pieces into a cannon ball. Later, on a ship, that cannon ball is loaded into a cannon and fired.
The rock is now transported to what looks like a blacksmith shop and he is on a machine that makes him spin a lot. It shows his POV of being spun around so many times and him getting dizzy with this nose still attached to the noose of the machine. It then pans to a lot of different screens of him being spun and some white substance being poured into a barrel, and him also being thrown into a furnace almost buy a solider wearing a blue and yellow uniform, who has a orange brownish mustache. He is also seen being crushed by a huge mechanism machine and is turned into a lot more smaller of a rock than when they came in. At the end, he was shown carried out by some soldiers who held guns who previously came into this workshop (shown by their shadows) and carried him out. Then, the scene turned into a battlefield to show canons being fired off. 
Our rock has been taken by the loggers and builders and has been milled and hit and grounded up to make smaller pieces. He has then been put into a cannon and fired
the military picked up the rock - which was being used as a grinding wheel. They then broke the rick down and formed it into a cannon ball and fired it.
