The rock was scooped up on the beach with other sand and taken to a factory where he went along a conveyor belt and was dropped into a furnace. it then showed that he was turned into a piece of glass. The next frame showed a rocket taking off into space.
the poor rock is now flattened by a roller machine and has now shrunk to merely a pebble and kept is dumped on the shores of a beach, he resigns to having a nap again as you can imagine and then he gets lifted along with all the other sand by a crane and is then on a processing plant where he is then being thrown in hot lava and moulded into a shape and then they show a rocket taking off into space.
The rock is transported from the beach and ends up in a vat of molten fire. He is made into the size of a coin and ends up on a rocket headed into space.
The rock was later turned a a flat artifact.
The rock who was now a piece of sand was scooped up and melted down to a round glass shape after which he was placed on a rocket by some technicians.
The rock was put in fire at a plant and turned into glass and put in a space ship and is now going to outer space.
the rock is collected from the beach and made into a circular piece of glass which is then shown lifting off in a space rocket.
The rock was scooped up by a large industrialgrabber and put in a large truck. It was delivbered to a factory where it was melted down into a piece of glass. The glass was then used as a part of a space rocket which was seen blasting off into space
The rock is now a very small fragment of sand. As soon as it begins to rest, it is scooped up by a mechanical digger and dumped onto a conveyor belt. This conveyor belt draws material into a furnace, where the rock plummets into. We then see an industrial press creating a glass disc with the rock's face on. It is collected by two people in haz mat suits and seemingly loaded onto a space rocket.
The rock is scooped up by a crane off of the beach and ends up in a factory. We see the rock travelling along the conveyor belt and towards a huge part of molten orange. The pressing machine releases the rock and he is now a more opaque and fat and rounded shape. Two men in boiler suits cover the rock with a box and then the scene cuts to a rocket taking off.
The rock which is now in some sand gets taken to a furnace where it is made into a piece of glass. There is then a shot of a rocket taking off.
The rock is now a tiny piece of sand and a truck comes to collect some sand to take to a Furness.  The rock is dropped in to the hot Furness and made into a glass window, which is used on a rocket which is launching in to space
The rock was collected from the beach by a crew of workers and a huge crain. It was then taken with all of the other rocks and sand to be melted down and turned into what looks like a dinner plate that was placed on a rocket ship that looks to be headed to outer space.
The rock was dug up and transported to a factory where he was melted into some kind of material, perhaps glass? Then it should a rocket being launched into the sky. 
A machine picks up bunch of sand pieces and places it in a big dumpster. He is then dumped onto a convey belt and melted with the rest of the tiny grains to make glass. A man in a greenish suit picks up the glass and the rock guy which is now glass is attached to a rocket that lifted to go to space.
A digger turns up at the beach and starts loading up a lorry with the rock, other rocks and sand. The rock is driven to a factory where it is dumped onto a conveyor belt and is then thrown into a boiling hot melting pot.nnThe rock is then melted down and put into glass mould. The rock is then turned into a piece of glass that is then put into a black box by two men that are wearing radiation suits.nnA rocket is then shown blasting off from earth.
The ground up rock (now little more than dust) was resting by the shore but a huge crane came and picked him up! Then, he is in the custody of some scientists in haz mat suits! They want to send him to space so he is sent up into a rocket!
The rock was loaded into a truck, along with heaps of sand. The sand and the rock went through processing to become glass. nnIt seems like the rock, who is now a piece of glass, is currently in a rocket being launched into space. 
was quite sad for the rock to go through so much, i wonder why people has to do such things with that small piece of rock, at the end the rock just wanted to sleep peacefully.
Along with many other rocks, the initial rock was basically poured into a cauldron of the extreme hot and fire where it was basically being made into something where it could help a rocket ship fly into outer space.
The rock is now somewhere between the size of a pebble and the size of a grain of sand.  The rock is melted down into glass, and it becomes the lens for a rocket headed for outer space.   The lens has eyeballs even though it is comprised of more than just the original rock.  
The rock is picked up by a crane and transported to a factory. He is in a factory and turned into a glass window that is then used for a rocket.
There is a beach and a truck with an arm picking up the sand from the beach, and the rock is placed into the truck with the sand. The sand is taken to a facility and placed onto a conveyor belt, and the rock is on the conveyor belt. The rock appears sad and defeated. The sand and the rock are falling into a pot of lava or fire, and the rock is turned into a round of glass. There are two men in suits peering over the rock that is now glass, and they place a black container over him. Finally, we see a rocket launch into the sky.
The stone gets carried through a landfill, and then gets melted into glass. Some space researchers then send the stone to space
This time when the rock, now a small pebble, fell asleep it was grabbed by a construction truck and taken away to a factory where it was melted down and turned into a piece of glass used as a petri dish and put on to a space shuttle headed for space.
The rock was picked up by a crane and taken into a furnace, where it was turned into glass and used as a window on a space rocket.
The rock is now sand which is harvested by glass makers; They make the small rock into glass which now looks to be the shape for a rocket ship.
The much diminished grain of rock is picked up by a giant excavator ina pile of sand. He finds himself dumped onto a conveyor belt which dumps him into a glowing hot cauldron. The stone awakes to find himself transformed into a circle of glass. He is then made smaller and put into a box by people in hazmat suits. The next shot shows a rocket launching into space.
the stone is picked up by a crane on the beach and taken to a factory where it is dropped in hot lavae which makes him pliable so he is then beaten into a flat tool which is then used in a rocket ship
During the rocks sleep a crane came to dig up material and dumped it into a truck that included the rock. The content of the truck fell onto a conveyor belt, the rock then fell into the furnace. Once melted and moulded the rock who's now a plate was a approached by two workers and boarded onto a spaceship.
