There was a mountain with a big nose and 2 wide eyes. There was a dragonfly and then a green fish-type creature crawled onto a small rock out of the river and made a squawking noise. The mountain then fell asleep and time sped up. The trees grew, the dinosaurs evolved, there were 2 roaring at each other. then time fat forwards to the ice age and an Iceburg takes out the mountain.
A big rock that overlooks the area falls asleep and sleeps through various stages in time, and it shows dinosaurs and other features in the time slept.
The rock title credits are shown on the screen. It starts under the ocean with various fishes roaming around the water. The camera pans up to the land and shows a mountain with a face. The next part shows a lizard coming up from the water to gasp for some air. The mountain with face falls asleep and dinosaurs are shown which it then goes into a time laps of time itself showing mammoths also. 
Scene changes from under water to above the water and it shows a large rock mountain. This mountain lives through different seasons and periods of ages, it changes in shape somewhat.
The film seems to be showing the early existence of the planet. It vegan by showing a small lizard then dinosaurs. A mountain took on the form of a cartoon face. And it showed the passage of some level of prehistoric time.
So there was this rock who was overlooking everything and then the rock decided to go to sleep...like someone i know.. After the rock went to sleep the season started changing and time moved on
the hillside had a face on it, and he was looking down on all the creatues, he then got sleepy and as he slept so time past quickly and the landscape change and the hillsides face was knocked down to the ground
A mountain fell asleep. As it slept it sank further downwards into the ground. As the seasons passed by many creatures came and went and the earth moved throughout the seasons.
After being under water and showing many sea creatures the camera swoops up and we see a big rock with eyes and a mouth. The rock is massive almost the size of a mountain. Then the rock goes to sleep and all around him the seasons begin to change we see summer and all the way through to snowy winter. The whole landscape around the rock changes and different animals appear.
The part you missed has shown how the landscape which the rock is surrounded by has changed over a long period of time through evolution. 
the scene is that of prehistoric times, then it zooms into a mountain with a face that falls asleep. we then see time pass, showing dinosaurs, the ice age and an avalanche passing
The big rock looked around and then closed it's eyes and slept while the time passed with multiple changes in seasons eras
We began underwater watching sea creatures. The camera pans up until we are above the water and can see a tadpole climb onto a rock and dive back into the water. We are watching the beginnings of life.The scenery then morphs through dinosaurs on land and the ice age with wooly mammoths. Throughout there is an anthropomorphic mountain with eyes and the land is moving to absorb the mountain.
A mountain is looking over a river and various little creatures are swimming around in it. As the mountain begins to fall asleep, we see evolution take place very  dinosaurs ran around before an ice age took over and mammoths appeared
There is a giant rock mountain with a face. They are overlooking the rest of nature. We then see a time lapse of seasons which include a dinosaur chasing another dinosaur and the weather changing from scene to scene while the rock sleeps and wakes up. There was also some kind of lizard type thing jumping out of the water.
it was kind of like a passage through time montage. Seems a lot more episodic so not much to delve into 
The film panned up to reveal a mountain, complete with eyes and nose - it's awake! - looking over a prehistoric landscape. It blinks a few times and then falls asleep. The film then speeds up; aeons pass within seconds - the dinosaurs come and go, and an ice age begins - all while the mountain slowly erodes from a mighty protrusion into an increasingly smaller and weathered hill, until it breaks off into a large boulder with the coming of an ice sheet.
The scene shows a large mountain that is in fact alive. The mountain falls asleep, and as it does so, the world evolves showing just how long the mountain is asleep for. Eventually the land masses move, and the mountain becomes a ball that is rolled along. 
The action within the part that you missed showed the mountain in a dreamlike state. In the wild life and the environment around the mountain appeared to be a part of the mountain's dream. Within the dream the mountain's ability to seemingly control its surroundings was unique.
There is a cartoon start showing the mountain, in the form of a man. It is sleeping. Then dinosaurs appear and then disappear, then mammoths appear and the land freezes.
A large rock (presumably a mountain) is overlooking a primordial scene. A dragonfly in seen on a plany,  a trilobite in the water, and an early amphibian of some sort is seen on a rock. The initial (large) rock appears to fall asleep. Whilst this rock is sleeping, evolution continues around it (with dinosaurs engaging in preadtor prey behaviour, and an ice age occuring (with mammoths present). During the ice age, a glacier appears to roll and erode the rock; it remains sleeping throughout.
The earth, depicted by an anthropomorphised mountain, is observing evolution.  First, a reptile climbed onto a rock and tried taking a breath.  Then we saw a dragonfly zooming about.  Next came a couple of dinosaurs, followed by (presumably) a snow-covered ice age.
A few animals were hopping around in the pond in front of the mountain. Mountain out of face. There's some time pass and the mountain fell asleep and the glacier came and crushed the mountain away. Two ten to the
at first we see alsorts of creatures in and around the water. Then the camera pans up and we see a mountain with a face, presumably the rock Then time roll on quickly and we see changes in the weather and the landscape (hot cold rain and storms) and we see the evolution of the creatures we saw previously
The mountain went to sleep and many ages are passing by while it sleeps 
The mountain that we saw decided to go to sleep and as it is sleeping the world around it changes. We see dinosaur like creatures, and ice age even, and then a sandy environment. 
we moved up from the water onto land and found what appears to be a living mountain. The mountain appears to take a nap in which seasons pass and at this point it appears the mountain is degrading into a boulder? I don't know either... Let' see.
That big rock is overlooking a stream-like area. A dragonfly and frog type creature are shown, showing it is filled with animal species. nnA time-lapse then occurs suggesting that it is back in prehistoric times, as you see dinosaurs. The landscape and shape of the rock change in shape and design, indicating that many years have passed. The scenery changes again to a snowscape.
The rock observed... then he slept for eons. it starts with a bunch of frogs, shifts to dinosoars then it jkust stopped at the glaciers
The camera pans out of the water and we see a large mountain with eyes and a large boulder for a nose. The mountain is alive. We see various animals in their habitats. An aquatic lizard gets out of the water and onto a rock, makes a funny noise, and jumps back in the water. Over time, we see the landscape change as years go by quickly. The setting goes from a prehistoric jungle, to a desert, to an ice age. An ice shelf comes in and pushes the mountain.
