The rock is now a tiny grain of sand on the beach. He tries to rest again. He is picked up by a digger and taken to a factory. He is poured into some boiling metal. He then appears again as glass. 
the rock tries to go to sleep again but is picked up by an excavator, transported to a factory where along with the sand, it gets turned into glass.
The rock is in a pile of pebbles and a crane lifts up the pile and loads it into a truck. The rock is then taken to a facility. The rock is dropped into a hot machine and comes out a piece of glass.
The rock is resting and is then scooped up by a digger and transferred to a factory where it is dropped into a furnace vat and then processed until it comes out as a coin
He tries to fall asleep again but is picked up by a crane, loaded into a dump truck that takes him to the glass factory where he in pored onto a conveyer and sent into a kiln. He then finds that he has been turned into a round piece of glass. 
We see the rock in a close up of the sand. He grabs a shell and tries to go to sleep on it. He is woken up by a large vehicle taking sand. The sand is then brought to a factory and put on a conveyor belt and poured into a large pot in a furnace. Then we see that the sand, including the rock, has been made into a glass lens or disc.
The rock - now a tiny particle of sand - gets taken off a beach by a big machine. It gets transported to a factory, where it is melted down in a furnace to become a round pane of glass.
he is turned in to a grain of sand a swept to a beach where he tries to rest again but is picked up by a crane and turned in to a piece of glass
The rock, now the size of a small stone, rests in the sand briefly and gets picked up by a digger and sent to smelter with the nearby sand and is turned into glass.
Somehow he was dislodged from his display at the museum, and discarded into the street where he was swept up as trash pulverized again into smaller and smaller pieces. He then was collected and re-purposed into some type of molten stone, type plate or platter. At this point this is very depressing. Why don't you stay awake so I don't have to tell you this
The tiny pebble tries to go to sleep on the beach, but he's scooped up by a machine and sent on a lorry to a manufacturing plant. He's dumped onto a conveyor belt with other pebbles and the thrown into a melting pot before being stamped into a paving stone by two large presses.
The rock ends up among a pile of other types of debris and tries to fall asleep again, but a claw machine immediately scoops up the pile and sends it to a factory, where it's put on a conveyor belt and sent into a vat of molten lava. The rock closes its eyes, anticipating its end, but then it regains consciousness as a glass disc. 
He falls asleep in the sand and a digger picks up him up in a shovel full of sand which is loaded onto a truck. The sand is fed onto a conveyor belt and then fed into a glass kiln. It ended where he came out as small glass disc.
Now, the poor mouhtainnin his journey of Millenia, gets disrupted from the museum, by an unruly child , falls in to a dustbin, where hevis then thrown into the street, ran over by a great heavy road works machine, swept in to a pile by a street sweeper, then discarded on to the beach, there he washes into the sand, becoming smaller n smaller, until one day scooped up into a truck and taken to the glass factory, there he was mekted down and turned in to a lense i think,,
The Rock was picked up by a crane in the scrapyard along a converyor belt into a big fiery melting pot.
Trying again to sleep, the rock is then picked up from the beach by an excavator and taken to a factory, where he's poured into a molten mixture and comes out the other end of the process as a piece of glass. 
The rock picks up a particle of sand and positions it to try and sleep. It then finds itself being picked up by a machine and dumped in the back of a truck where it's taken to a factory. The rock rides along a conveyor belt and drops into a crucible filled with molten liquid. The scene then cuts to a press, where we find that the sand and the rock has been turned into glass.
the rock looks really sad and is just trying to fall asleep again but a big excavator picks him up with other rocks and puts him in a dump truck. The dump truck dumps him in a smelter with all the other debris and he gets smashed into a glass lens.
The Rock, now reduced to what seems like just a speck of dusts still is trying to find some rest. It picks up an item close to it and just as it's getting comfortable he along with a whole other heap of sand and dust gets picked up by a crane, put into a container, transported to a factory and then put through a heat machine, out the heat machine, into a furnace, poured out into a mould and then now it has become a sheet of round glass.
The rock ends up in a construction site and gets grabbed and put onto a conveyor belt. The belt is moving towards hot liquid to be turned into sand and then glass.
Once again the rock falls asleep and is awoken, this time by a large truck with a mechanical claw. It is dragged off to a smelting factory and turned in to a much smaller object that resembles a coin.
The rock was laid by the beach. A crane came and swept it up into a lorry. The rock was in a factory going along a conveyor belt to be burnt. It was turned into a coin.
Now the rock is just a piece of sand and tries to rest again. But a tractor scoops a bunch of sand up and takes it to a factory. The rock is on a conveyor belt and he gets melted with the other sand. Then he is pressed into a piece of glass
The rock pulled itself up among a pile of pebbles and was instantly scooped up by a digger with the others. It showed it going on a minecart into a giant furnace and then being fashioned into a flat disc shape.
He wakes up on a beach and tries to sleep again, but gets picked up by a digger. Then he finds himself in some sort of factory about to be melted down by how liquid. After that, it likes like he is turned into some sort of transparent disc.
the rrock gets picked up by a grabbetrr and smelted down and prrreesed innto a disk
The rock tries to sleep once again but ends up in a fire and is now glass. 
Now on the beach, the even smaller piece of rock once again tries to settle and sleep, this time using another stone for a pillow. A crane, however, collects it along with huge piles of sand, which is transported to a factory. The rock finds itself on a conveyor belt being carried along to a furnace, and then a thin, flat piece of material (possibly the rock) clatters to the floor.
The rock was kicked around by a pedestrian and through a window of a restaurant and hit a customer in the head. It went from that into a janitors work kit and somehow ended up on a construction site where it was sent into a melting pot and turned into a flat shape.
now no more than a grain of sand the rock is collected from the beach by an excavator where he is transported to a glassworks and put in to the furnace where he is melted along with the rest of the sand and fashioned in to a glass plate.
