the stone piece which was used as a cannon ball in the American Civil War [which I doubt - just google it] is washed ashore, it is small, sad and wants to rest. However, it is found by a scientist and he is excited because the rock has some fossil imprint in it 
The rock seems exhausted and finally rests on a beech. It walks to a place and tries again to get some rest. Then a man approaches the rock and examines the other side of it. He can see a fossil on the other side and becomes very excited. He puts the rock in his bag.
The what is now a very small rock walks out of the ocean and we see it walking along a country road.  There is a steam engine tractor ploughing a field in the background.  The rock eventually comes to what looks like a hand against a tree.  It rearranges the hand and tries to rest again.  Just then a geologist naturalist find the rock and turns it over.  He sees a fossil on the other side and very happy puts the rock in his tool box.  We then see him running away with it in the box in glee.
the rock washed up on a beach and walked, looking tired, past a farm with a steam tractor. It found a glove that it looked like it was going to lie down on to rest, but a geologist came and picked it up. He turned the rock over and there is a little fossil trilobite on the back, so the geologist giggled excitedly
so he was pushed a long in the water and tried to hold onto a rock but it didn't work, so he ended up near some fields, he walked for a while and passed another large rock with a face, he found a large glove and made it comfortable for him to lay down, as soon as he laid down a man came and picked him up and inspected the back of him were he had a fossil stuck to him so the man cheered and put him in a box and walked away
The once large rock is now reduced to a small rock the size of one's hand. Sad, and broken from being used in a war, it finds rest in a glove on the ground. Suddenly a man discovers the rock, and picks it up to inspect. He sees it contains a fossil that tells the story from the beginning of time. This man tosses and locks the stone in a box and happily screams in excitement as he leaves the scene. 
The rock comes to rest on a shoreline of other rocks. It gets up and walks through a landscape, past a ploughing horse and an aeroplane overhead, and a large house. It finds a glove on the ground, rolls up the fingers to make a comfy bed, and proceeds to fall asleep again. It is then picked up by a fossil hunter, who finds a fossil on the back of the rock. He puts the rock into his toolbox, closes it, and claps his hands in glee
The rock washes up on shore, walks sullenly past a big rock similar to how it used to be, until it finds a glove that it tries to settle in. However, a man picks the rock up, dusts it off, and discovers its a fossil. The man wanders off with the rock, laughing merrily.
A rock washed ashore and then walked a long way till is was tired. It layed on top of a work glove to sleep where a n archaelogist found it.
The rook got washed up somewhere and staggered to rest on an old glove he found. Then a man came along and picked him up, turned him over and began leaping around with joy as The Rock had a fossil on his back. The man was obviously a fossil hunter.
The rock washes ashore and begins sadly walking in nature. He finds a nice tree to take comfort under. He begins to lay down. Then, a man comes along and picks him up. He flips him over and sees there is a fossil in the rock. The man becomes giddy and happily puts the rock in his briefcase and gets up to leave.
The tiny rock got washed away in that stream. Eventually, it lands on the shore of the river mixed in with other rocks. It gets up and starts walking. There is a clear indication that the rock is tired and looks somewhat elderly in his facial features. He finds a spot on a farm to rest. He settles onto a work glove and wraps the fingers up for a pillow. Just then,  a goofy looking archeologist picks him up and dusts the rock off. He is giggling like an idiot when he turns the rock over and finds a fossil embedded in the backside. The fossil looks like one of those ancient horseshoe craps. 
the rock is pushed along by the tide and ends up on land he walks by a tractor and a biplane. He finds a lille glove that he makes into a bed but once he's almost asleep a hand of an archelogist man lifts him and dusts him down with a little brush. The man spots a little fossile on the back and does a little jig at his find
The rock washes up on a shore and gets up to walk to a new place. The rock looks very tired and worn out. He walks past a farmer tending his fields, and a large house. He finds a glove laying on the ground next to a tree stump, where he turns the fingers of the glove into a pillow and rests his head so he can sleep. Very soon, he is found and picked up by an archaeologist who brushes him off and turns him over to find a fossil on his back. The archaeologist is very excited by this discovery. The rock is thrown into the archaeologists case and carried away. 
the rock gets pushed by the sea onto land, then the rock is seen walking while a huge rock is looking at him, the rock walks towards a glove on the floor, the rock folds the glove, the rock falls asleep on the glove, then a hand picks the rock up, the person brushes the rock and smiles at it, the person turns the rock around, and something is shown behind the rock, the person places the rock into a box and closes it, then the person walks off while holding the box. 
After being a canon ball, the rock is put into water where it reshapes again, washes up, and is found by a nerdy archaologist because he now has fossils in him
The rock returned from the ocean and walked onto land where it looked tired and rested on a glove. An archeologist picked up the rock and after inspecting the rock discovered a fossil on its back, he put the rock in his tool box and left.
The rock is now very small in size.  He finds his way back to shore and the wanders past a scene showing how the world has become more modernised - aeroplane, industrial machines etc.  The rock finds another resting place by a tree.  However an archaeologist finds the rock.  He turns it over and there is a fossil underneath it.  He screams with joy and puts the rock in his box and carries it away.
The poor rock heaves itself out of the water and onto dry land. Still tired, it finds a glove and folds it up, gets on it and falls asleep. It is then picked up by a man who appears to be an archaeologist. This man dusts off the rocks, sees a fossil on the back side, and delightedly puts it in his box and carries him off.
Much diminished by his escapades, the Rock washes up at the shore of a lake. Still tired, he makes his way to a farm and tries to rest (on a glove). No sooner does he do this when a geologist picks him up, as a potential specimen, and finds a fossil embedded with the rock. The geologist is ecstatic.
The rock was throws ashore and he starts walking. He meets another bigger rock. He also look sad
The rock is now very tiny.  He washes up on shore.  He walks around some, finds a glove on the ground and makes a bed for himself.  An archeologist finds him, turns him over, and realizes he has a fossilized imprint on the back of the rock.  The archeologist puts him in a box and takes him away.
The rock gets washed up and walks along the country side feeling sad, he finds an old glove and makes a bed out of the glove to finally be able to rest. once he lays down he gets picked up by a paleontologist, who finds a fossil on the back of the rock and makes a chuckle sound then places the rock into his bag.  
The rock gets washed ashore then he walks into the forest and falls asleep on a glove. A man then finds him and discovers a fossil on the underside of the rock. The man is excited and puts the rock in a case and walks off.
The much reduced rock is washed onto a beach where it climbs out and starts walking past an agricultural scene with a steam powered tractor ploughing a field. It then walks past a house and find a glove on the ground. It folds up the glove to make it into a suitable bed where it can once again fall asleep. The rock awakes to find itself picked up by a paleontologist. The paleontologist turns the rock over to see a trilobite embedded in the rock and becomes highly excited and leaves the scene, rock in hand
the rock is floating in a river and is washed up on the river bank. it gets out of the water and walks along a path. it looks very sad. it finds a place to rest and sleep. next a man appears and picks up the rock. he is a fossil hunter. he examines the rock and he turns over the rock to discover a fossil on that side. he is delighted with his find.
The rock safely managed to swim out of the water to some land. After walking a short distance, it decided to get some rest for a bit. As the rock was about to sleep, a strange looking men picked it up and started brushing it. After seeing a mysterious sign on the back of the rock, the man decided to put the rock in his toolbox. 
the rock  washes ashore and tries to sleep on a glove. then a rock collecter picks it up  and puts it in a tool box.
The tired rock walks past the fields, with the tractor and the windmill in the distance. It sees a discarded glove next to a barrel and then lies down to sleep. As it closes its eyes, it is again awoken by a fossil collector, who picks it up, turns it over and sees a fossil in the back. He laughs excitedly, and puts it into his box, and walks off.
The small animal was sleep while someone from nowhere grasp its head and puts it in his bag and laughing.
