The rock falls in the sea, broken up into little pieces. He is being washed along the sea floor, although he tries to stop himself. He washes past fish and animals and ends up washed ashore of a stream. He gets up and starts walking. He walks past carts and horses, houses, bigger rocks, and ends up stopping once he finds a glove. He tries to curl up and close his eyes on the glove but a hand reaches down to grab him.
The boulder having been ground into a much smaller form is swept away by the water and washes up by a river. Exhausted it trudges its way past a farm built upon a hill which looks at the rock with interest and maybe sympathy. The rock finds a gardening glove discarded by a barrel at a farm, it repositions the fingers to be more comfy and lays down on it. Suddenly the rock is grabbed by someone.
The rock lands in the sea and is carried away by a strong current. It washes up on a beach and looks tired and weary. It walks down a road and settles on top of a glove to relax and sleep.
The remaining part of the rock that was using in the cannon ball, ends up in ocean. It gets moved naturally in the water and washes ashore. It then begins walking through farm land and finds a new place to sit for a nap
The rock sinks to the bottom of a river but is caught by an undercurrent and is carried by it until it is thrown back on land.  The rock then wanders around looking lost until it eventually finds a gardening glove that it rolls up and uses as a pillow, the rock then slowly begins to fall asleep.
The little rock character was fired into the sea and drifted along until he got out. He looked lonely walking in the country. There was another huge mountain rock character but I don't think the little one saw him. He stumbled upon a glove and he curled up to fall asleep on it. Then a human hand reached down to pick him up.
The broken remains of the rock, hurled as a cannonball sinks into the river and is now so small that he is carried by the current. He is washed ashore and continues his wanderings in search of peace and quiet past other larger but similarly alive rocks. The now small rock chances upon a discarded glove and folds it up to use as pillow so he can return to inert sleep.
The rock, after sinking into the ocean, was washed ashore by the tode. He walked until he found a nice quiet spot to rest, laid down, and then we see a human hand touch him.
The rock sank to the bottom of the water and was swept back to shore. He walks on land which now has tractors and airplanes. He finds a glove laying on the ground and makes a bed, only to be picked up.
After the rock was used over and over again by humans, it was launched as a cannon ball into the water. It became a small pebble. The pebble walked out of the water and passed by a larger rock. It kept walking and found shelter near a cliff.
After falling in the water, he gets washed ashore and then he walks along, looking for a place to go back to sleep. He finds a place that looks like a hand and folds in the fingers and lays down to go to sleep.
The disheveled rock slowly drifts to the bottom of the ocean. On the ocean floor, it is swept away by the swirling current. The rock tries desperately to cling onto another rock on the ocean floor but isn't strong enough to hang on. He eventually washes up on a shoreline with other rocks. Tired and bewildered, the rock gets to his feet and begins a journey to try and find somewhere to rest. He passes farmland and forest, before settling down by a tree stump. He lays upon some strange garment. Just as his eyes begin to close, a large human hand cranes down and scoops the rock up off the floor. 
The remaining pieces of the rock fell into water where it is taken by the current and washes up on a shore. The rock, dejected, walks over to a glove on the ground and curls it up to make a bed for itself. As it lies there, a hand grabs it.
The cannonball ends up being broken and turning into a stone. He ends up walking along a road looking very dejected and tired, before resting on a glove. While he rests we see a hand come down!
The little rock makes it out of the ocean but he is very clearly sadder than he was previously. He, very slowly, makes his way to a new resting spot, walking past a much larger boulder that is reminiscent of his younger days. He decides to lay on a glove when he is picked up by another person yet again.
After being shot out of the cannon as a cannonball and hitting the opposing ship the rock is now just a fragment that sinks to the bottom of the sea. He is swept away by the current in the sea, he tries to resist by grabbing onto a rock on the seabed but he isn't strong enough. He is flung through the ocean and ends up being washed up on a shore. He looks exhausted, he stands up and starts trudging along. On the way he passes another rock, much bigger than him. He ends up finding a discarded glove that he folds and curls up on to try and sleep. 
The rock lands in water and is washed along by the waves. It is washed up onshore and it walks along a field. It comes across a glove and folds it up to lie down in it. 
The rock floats to the bottom of the water. It then washes up on the shore. From there it walks along the land, looking a bit forlorn. It comes across a glove next to a tree and curls up and lays in it.
After the rock is thrown into the sea, it gets pulled by the tide until it ends up on land again. It then starts walking until it finds a glove and starts folding it so it can sleep on it. Once the rock starts to fall asleep on the glove, out of nowhere, a hand starts coming towards the rock.
The stone fell to the bottom of the ocean where he was quickly swept up by the strong currents until he was ashore. Upon doing so he was tired, lonely and upset and walked miles and miles to find a suitable resting place until he came to a yellow glove. He proceeded to fold the fingers and fall asleep, but then suddenly a hand appeared.
The stone with a face which is now a damaged cannonball sinks to the bottom of the sea. The stone is pushed and further ground down by the currents until it washes up on shore. It gets up near a farm and walks down a road passing another larger stone with a face. It find a leather glove and lays down on it.
The rock lands in the water where he is eroded away further. He is then washed up on the shore and walks through a village where he finds a glove and folds it up to sleep on it 
The Rock falls to the bottom of the sea floor and gets pushed across the current. It ends up being washed on land and starts walking looking sad and depressed. The lock decides to take a nap on  a glove.
rock gets washed away to a shore line.he then walks to find a glove.falls asleep on the glove and somebody goes to pick up the glove
The rock after finding itself in the sea then walks onto the shore past country side and landscape. Then finds a new place to make bed and tries to get to sleep again.
The canonball rock falls into the water and is washed up on the share. He gets up and walks for a while and finds an old glove and rests on it
The rock traveled through the ocean currents and onto land to find a yellow glove to lay on. Suddenly a hand comes and grabs him. 
After being shot by the cannon, the rock falls into pieces in the water, and the gets swept by the current. The rock washes ashore to other pebbles.  The rock starts walking all sad and defeated. The rock finds a gloves and starts making as a bed to sleep.
The remainder of the rock fell into the sea and sank to the bottom with the fishes. Then the tide came along and pulled the rock away so that it later washed up on the shore as a pebble. The scene then cut to the much (smaller now) rock walking across the land in front of a combined harvester or similar farming machine farming the land. The rock then saw a glove on the ground and moved the fingers to make a comfortable place to lie down and he then lay down to sleep.
The rock - in cannon ball form - falls to the bottom of the sea. Despite trying to hold onto other rocks, the tide then washes it away and we see it washed up on a shore. It then starts walking, passing a farmland with another sad looking rock, before finding a glove where it chooses to lay down and sleep. We then see a hand appear and reach down towards the rock.
