After being launched into space, the rock crashed into a planet that had nothing. The little rock underwent all the changes of the planet and guess what? It went back to being the big rock as it was before because a whole new planet was created. The rock now could finally rest.
The rock, now the face of a satellite, crashed into an alien planet. The planet then melted evolved, and so the rock then became a mountain on this alien planet, and was able to finally rest again.
The rock is in space as a part of a spaceship.  It crashes and creates a big bang and the film ends with the rock being back in front of a lake with a pink sky and trees around it, exactly as it was at the start of the film.  It has come full circle.
It fell into the moon and as time passes it was able to grow bigger and find rest.
the satelite dropped on a planet and then turned into a mountain again
The rock, as it was being produced to some accessories of a rocket had been shot into the moon, it eventually crashed into a planet and burnt out in the process. It then migrated with the soul of the planet and absorbed by the rain. After a rainfall, the rock becomes a mountain again by the shore of lake and returns to its original form.Finally it gets somewhere to rest.
The piece of now dust gets turned into glass which is then used in a NASA probe that crash lands on another planet, feeding into the development of a new mountain. It has come full circle.
The satellite was hurtling through space and started to burn up in the atmosphere of a planet before crash landing into the surface of a barren lifeless planet. Again time started to speed up and accelerate quickly, there was rain and wind before a mountain grew and appeared in the background with the face of the rock again just like the beginning of the story. The planet went from lifeless to full of life but the mountain was still tired and fell asleep again as the scene ended.
The little rock is grabbed in a load of sand and gets heated at extreme temperatures to become a slab. He's then fired into space. The spacecraft his something and rock is deflected, eventually hitting a planet. Slowly the planet evolves round rock who dozes happily, just like the beginning.
After bouncing off the object in space, the rock starts hurtling towards a planet where it burns up in the atmosphere of the planet in a cloud of burning light. The rock hits the surface of the new planets, and after a while the surface of the planet starts changing. Clouds form and it rains on the planet and as the rocks on the planet change, the rock once again becomes a large mountain like at the start of the film, where it is overlooking water and vegetation. The rock looks at peace and eventually closes its eyes so it can sleep.
The satellite burns up and crashes into a planet. Over time, the rock grows into a mountain again and life grows around him, back to the start. The rock looks happy and relaxed.
The rock is scooped up by an excavator and put into a dump truck. The collected dirt, including the rock, is sent to a factory where it is made into a large lens for a rocket ship. The ship launches into space. The rock satisfies its purpose as a lens, but during it's flight it hits an asteroid and cracks. The rock ends up landing on a distant planet where it again evolves and changes. Eventually is becomes its previous form in a tranquil environment. The rock is once again happy and content.
he falls onto a new planet and then he is again the rock in a place of solace and peace
The rock hurtled through space like a comet, and crashed onto the planet, it then evolved into a new landscape as the characteristics of the planet changed.
After crashing, the rock accelerates and gains enough speed to begin to burn. The rock then hits the surface of a planet, like the moon. After time, the rock wakes up to realise he is now a big rock, similar to how he was at the beginning, but this time in the peaceful surroundings of the planet. The rock takes a deep breath and then sighs with relieve and shuts his eyes to go to sleep.
the rock was glass and crashed into another planet and set alight. after many years the rock then restarted its entire life as being big again.
The rock ended up on another planet. He became a big mountain again. He finlly went back to sleep. 
In space, the ship rushes toward first a crash against a rock, then the stone ends up on another planet, crashing into it. Time passes again, and gradually we see that the stone has again become a mountain, and in front of the mountain is a lake similar to what we saw at first. There are little cactuses growing on the sides of the hills in the valley. 
The rock was now a piece of a space craft it whizzed through space and the universe until it landed on land and became a large rock , like before in a land .
the rock becomes part of satellite and is in orbit in space suddenly it goes out of control and heads towards a planet crash landing on the surface causing the land to form small hills and creating a landscape almost identical to where he came from and the rock looks happy to be back where he started. 
so then a crane with a pincing bucket pick up a scoop from by the water and drops it in a truck which hauls ti to a factor where it is dropped into a firey furnace. Next it is pressed into a flat disk and process by some folks in industrial suits and fabricated into a device which is shot by a several stage rocket into space which then is shown as a satillie with the disc with rock face that seems to bounce off an astroid and then falls to a planet where big geoloical changes seem to be happening but eventually a mountain rises looking over a lake with the rock face and the rock seems to finally be able to rest the main activity the rock seemed to be trying to do all thru the movie.
The rock was used as an enabler to view the sky for the astronuts who went for research purpose. After getting to the sky, the apparatus used was dismantled and sent back to the Erath and straight into the water bodywhee it began to form a bigger rock.
After being scooped up and made into glass for a satellite going into space, it ends up crashing into a planet. It then turns into a mountain again, it the environment that it was before. It relaxes and lets out a big sigh 
the satellite hurtles towards a planet where it enteres its atmosphere. It burns up as it crashes into the planets surface. Now some times passes in an instant and water appears. We have come full circle and the rock is large again, observing as a new planet starts to form a new ecosystem. 
The rock travels through space and transforms, other particles in space are also watching, albeit unhappily. Finally, the rock lands in another planet and gives it life as it transforms back to the great mountain it once was. A sigh of relief from the rock breathes more life to it's surrounding environment, making the trees greener and more alive
Did you see that rock man went smashing down almost burnt up in the atmosphere hit the earth and was reborn into his mountainous self was like one big circle what a journey.
the rock is now the broken lens of the satellite travelling in space out of control. The satellite crashes into the moon of a planet and is burned up in the atmosphere. The ages pass and the rock has now turned into a mountain again on the moon.
the rock is on fire hurtling through space.  It eventually lands by a green lake and is tired so it goes to sleep
After the Rock was launched into the space, It landed in another planet and settled there. It grew bigger and it rained on it. It looked like it was at peace again.
he exploded like a comet and landed in another planet. when the rock woke up he found himself big again and in a better environment.
