One bison thinks it could be a crocodile or a log.  The other thinks it's a log.  The first bison uses a stick to poke the log to see if it's a crocodile.  It isn't and it jumps on the log.
Remember the two cows? When you fell asleep, they were debating if, in the river, there was a crocodile or a log. They kept going back and forth for a while. Even the cow that says crocodile throws a stone to prove that it's a crocodile. But nothing happened. The object in the water stayed still. The cow eventually jumped on the object to prove his point to his friend.
The two buffaloes(?) continued to debate whether they were looking at a log or a crocodile.  They threw things at it, poked it and eventually one jumped onto it - but it did not move at all. Strangely the buffalo that thought it was a croc was the one that jumped on it
One of the animals, who is convinced that the feature in the water is a crocodile and not a log, throws a stone (to get some reaction from it), then pokes with a stick, that splashes some water, then jumps on the object.
The buffalo which thinks the object in the water is a crocodile throws a stone at the object. The object does not move. The other buffalo is still adamant that it is a log. So the buffalo which thinks its a crocodile and pokes it with a stick. The object does nothing. The other buffalo is still adamant its a log. The buffalo who thinks the object is a crocodile then jumps on to the object.
The buffalo was trying to see if the thing in the water was a crocodile. It threw a rock at it, poked it with a stick, and then climbed on top of it. The thing had no reaction yet.
the wilderbeest are arguing about whether what they see in the water is a log or a crocodile. the one insisting it is a crocodile decides to test it in various ways like throwing a rock at it, poke it with a stick or sitting on it. The other one keeps saying it's just a log
A buffalo throws stones at a partly submerged crocodile to check if it is safe to cross the river.  The buffalo also throws a stick at the crocodile.
The bison were standing by the waters edge looking at something in the water. One bison says that he thinks it is a crocodile. The other says a log. They discuss for a minute, one insisting it is a crocodile and the other a log. One pokes the thing with a stick but it does not move. The other bison says again it is a log. Then the first bison jumps on the thing. It does not move.
Two animals are drinking water from a lake. They see something in the water near them. One of them thinks its a log and the other thinks it's a croc. The one that thinks it's a croc throws a rock, pokes it with a stick and the jumps on it to be sure. The object never moves. 
The 2 bison are at the edge of the river.  One of them thinks it's a log in the river, the other things it's an alligator.  The one bison that thinks it's an alligator throws a rock at the object and nothing happens.  They both still think it's their respective choices.  So the same bison slashes some water on it.  Again nothing happens and they both are unchanged in their opinions.  Then the same bison hops onto the object and now we're at that part.
The two buffalo standing on the river bank use a stone and a stick to try and decide if what is in the water is a log or crocodile. One of the buffalo decided it was a log and took the jump to land on top of it.
Two wildebeests are standing at the waters edge staring at something in the water. One of them is convinced it's a crocodile while the other thinks it's just a log. The one that believes it's a crocodile (Wildebeest 1) throws a rock with no response from the object. The other wildebeest (wildebeest 2) reiterates that its a log much to the others annoyance. Wildebeest 1 then pokes it with a stick and splashes water onto the object, leading to the same exchange as before. Wildebeest 1 then climbs onto the object to further prove it's point.
The two rams were standing at the edge of the water trying to decide if the object in the water was a crocodile or a log. One of them thinks it's a crocodile, the other thinks it's a log. One ram tosses a rock at it to try to figure it out. Then they still argue about what the object in the water is. The ram then pokes the object with a stick. Nothing happens, so the ram jumps onto the object in the water and it is okay.
The two buffalos are still arguing over whether it is a log or a crocodile in the water. One then prods it with a stick and splashes water on it. The object still does not move so the buffalo jumps onto it.
The cows continue to argue about whether the strange object is a crocodile or a log. The one that believes it is a crocodile throws a stone at it and nothing happens. The other one then suggests again that it's a log. He then splashes it with water before standing on it and still nothing happens. The other cow continues to suggest it's a log.
Two cows are standing by a lake, and see something sticking out of the water. The first cow thinks it's an alligator, but the second one thinks it's a log. They go back and forth, but the first one insists it's an alligator, so it throws a rock at it first, then pokes it with a stick, then splashes water on it, and then jumps on it. But the object in the water does not respond at all.
The wildebeest to the left tried to convince the other one that the item in the river is a crocodile. However, the other one does not believe him. To convince him further, he splashed water on the item and also jumps onto it.
The buffalo can't decide if it's a log or a crocodile.  First of all a stone is thrown at the mystery object, then a log, but nothing happens.  Then water is splashed at it, and again nothing.  Then the first buffalo steps onto the object.
The cows are still arguing about what is in the water. One says its a log, the other thinks it's a crocodile. One tried throwing a stone, poking it with a stick, splashing it with water and jumping on it in order to further investigate. 
The two bulls argued about the object on the lake. The right bull says it's a log of wood, but the left bull insists it's a crocodile. To prove this, The right bull threw a stone at the object and poked it with a stick. With no response, the right bull climbed on top of the object. 
The two cattle continued to debate what they were seeing in the water, either a crocodile or log.  The left hand cow first threw a stone at the object then prodded it with a stick.  It did not move.  It then jumped on to the object.
The two yaks were standing on the banks having a discussion about the log vs. crocodile. The one that kept saying it was a croc threw a rock at it and it did not move. He then threw a stick at it and it still did not move. He then splashed water on it and still no movement. At the end, he stepped onto it and it had not moved. 
There were two wild buffalos debating whether there was a crocodile or a bark of a tree in the water, until one buffalo decides to throw a stone on the back of the tree and then also pressed it with a twig to reconfirm it was not a crocodile. The Buffalo that thought it was a crocodile now knowing it was not jumped on the bark of the three int the water and confirmed to the other buffalo that he was right about it being a bark of a tree
Two cows are arguing whether a lump in the water is an alligator or a log. The one who thinks it's an alligator tests is a couple of ways and then ends up jumping onto  it.
Two wildebeest are stood on the shore of a lake, looking at a large object floating in the water. They disagree on what they believe the object is. One believes it is a log, whilst the other believes it is an alligator. One wildebeest prods the object with a stick, throws a rock at it and splashes it with water. The object does not move or respond. The wildebeest proceeds to jump onto the object.
The two cows were still arguing over whether the thing in the water was an alligator or a log. The first cow insist it is an alligator and throws a rock at it, pokes it with a stick, and splashes water on it to prove it is, but each time it doesn't budge and the second cow always responds with it being a log
the cow got on the crocodile
Two bulls were arguing concerns whether what's in the water is log of wood and crocodile.
There are two goats at the edge of a pond and trying to get across. The two goats are discussing whether it is a log under the water, or a crocodile; the goat on the left keeps prodding the object animal with a twig to try and work out what it is.
Two cows are by the side of river wonder if an object in front of them is a crocodile or a log. They test it thru throwing stone on it, touching with a stick or jumping onto the object.
One of the buffalos kept admiting it was a crocodile, while the other kept saying it was a log. The first one splashed water onto it, threw rocks at it, hit it with a stick-without any reaction. so it jumped onto the object
the moose are trying to figure out if the thing in the water is a log or alligator and disagree on which it is. 
The animal that thinks the thing in the water is an alligator throws a rock at it. They continue arguing with the animal who thinks the thing is a log. They then poke the thing in the water with a stick. They continue arguing. The animal who thinks the thing in the watere is an alligator then stands on top of it.
the wildebeast who is saying the object is a crocodile poked it with a stick and threw a stone at it. It then jumped on the object, which is where it is standing now. the other wildebeast who thinks it is a log is still watching
There are two oxen and they are both looking at a thing in the water.  Both of the oxen are trying to work out what the thing in the water is.  One of the Oxen think's it's a crocodile whilst the other things that it might be a log.  The Oxen who think's it's a crocodile pokes the thing with a stick but nothing happens.  The same Oxen then  splashes the thing with water but again nothing happens.  The two Oxen continually return exchanges with one Oxen maintaining the stance that the thing is a crocodile and the other stating it's a log.  Finally, the Oxen who thinks the thing is a crocodile jumps onto the thing and discovers that it is in fact a log.
The two bulls were arguing over whether the object in the water was an alligator or a log. The one that thought it was an alligator threw a rock at it. They kept arguing about it and then the same bull jumped onto the object.
The two buffalos are at the side of the water. There is an object in the water close to them. One of them thinks its a crocodile and the other thinks it is a log. The one who thinks its a crocodile pokes it with a stick. It doesn't move. So he decides to jump on it to see if it will move.
The two cattle are arguing over whether the object in the water is a log or a crocodile. They try to prove which one it is in different ways, like throwing stones at it and splashing it with water to see if it will react. The one who believes it is a crocodile eventually jumps on it.
Two Wilderbeest are at a watering hole and they are trying to decide whether the object in the water is a log or a crocodile. Wilderbeest 1 throws a rock ay it, then hits it with a stick, then splashes the water near the object before finally jumping onto the object.
Two wildebeests are on the banks of a river and see something in the water. One thinks it resembles a crocodile with its face hidden, whilst the other thinks it's merely a log. The one who thinks it's a crocodile repeatedly pokes it with a stick to see.
The two wilderbeast were still arguing over whether it was a crocodile or a log in the water. The one who thought it was a log threw a stone at it and then poked it with a stick. After still disagreeing, the on who thought it was a log, jumped onto it.
so the two bulls were stood at the waters edge, and there was something in the water but they wasn't sure what it was, they thought it was either a crocodile or a log, they started prodding it with a stick and then threw some water over it to see if it moved, it didn't move so one of the bulls jumped on top of it.
The two ox say theres a alligator in the water or a log.The 2 ox poke it and then one ox gets on it in the water 
Two moose are standing by a lake staring at an object in the water. One moose thinks it is a log while one moose believes it is an alligator. After arguing with each other, the one that believes it to be a log, steps onto it.
The two oxes are arguing if the object in the water is an aligator or a log. The ox that thinks it is an aligator throws a rock at it, pokes it with a stick and then steps on it but the object does not move
Two oxon stand beside a body of water with a object in front of them the one on the right is convinced the object in the water is a crocodile but his friend on the left thinks its a log.  The oxon on the right throws a stone at at the object and nothing happens his friend then says log but the oxon then pokes it with a stick still nothing happens and his friend says log so he gets upset he cant convince his friend and kicks water at the object but still his friend is convinced its a log so he jumps on top with his friend watching.
Two cows are standing at the side of a lake, they see a crocodile in the water but one of the cows thinks that it is a log. One of the cows prods it with it's hoof to prove that he thinks it's a crocodile. 
2 cows were standing by the river. There is an object in the river. One cow thinks it is a log and the other thinks it's a crocodile. The one that thinks it's a crocodile throws stones at it and pokes it with a stick. Finally he jumps on it. The object doesn't move so it's not clear whether it is a stick or crocodile.
There are two cows standing on the bank of a river, looking at an object floating in the water and trying to decide, if the object, is a floating log, or a crocodile. One of the cows stands on the object and pokes it with a stick. 
The two cattle continue arguing over what the object in the river actually is, a crocodile or a log. The one who believes it to be a crocodile throws a stone at it, prods it with a stick, splashes water on it and finally puts two hooves then all four on it. The one who believes it to be a log looks on impassively from the safety of the river bank.
There are two bulls. They are arguing over whether a submerged object floating in the river is a crocodile or log. The one who thinks it's a crocodile tries to get its attention by throwing a rock at it, then splashing water at it, and finally stepping on it.
The 2 wildebeest are arguing whether the object in the water is a log or an alligator. The one who thinks it's an alligator throws a stone at the object, with no response. They continue arguing. The one who thinks it's an alligator pokes the object with a stick, with again no response. And they continue arguing. So the one who thinks it's an alligator splashes water at the object and then steps on to it.
The two bison are arguing  over whether the object in the water is a log or an alligator. The alligator-inclined bison throws a pebble at it, to no response, then pokes it with a stick, to no response, and then finally jumps on top of the object.
The water buffalo on the left is convinced that the object in the water is a crocodile. The other water buffalo disagrees and says it is a log. The left buffallo throws a rock at the object. Then it throws a stick at the object. Finally, the buffalo jumps on top of the object in the water.
2 cows were at the waters edge. There was something in the water. 1 thought it was a log and the other thought it was an alligator. They threw a rock at ot and poked it with a stick. One of them jumpedo n top of it.
Two aniimals are investigating an umfamilliar object. They attempt to find out what it is. Maybe its an alligator.
The yak that was convinced the thing in the water was a crocodile did it's best to try prove it was a croc by splashing it with water, hitting it with a rock and then standing on its back
One of the wilderbeasts pokes a stick at the crocodile log and he jumps on it and gets eaten.
Two bulls are standing on a river bank next to river with an object floating in the middle. Above the heads of one bull a speech bubble with a crocodile pops up. Then above the other bull a speech bubble with a log pops up. One bull then prods the object and then steps on to it. 
 Two brown cows with horns wanted to travel in a river. They saw something in the water that could be used to cross the water. One cow thought it looked like an alligator. So to see if it was, one cow hit it with a rock and a stick. It did not move so the cow jump on top of it.
2 buffalo standing at the edge of a river, disagreeing about what they see in front of them. one thinks it's a crocodile the other a log. The first firstly throws a stone at it, then pokes it with a stick before splashing it with water. It then puts it's front 2 legs on it.
Two gnus are discussing an object they see in the water. One thinks it is a crocodile while the other thinks it is a log. They throw things at it and poke it with a stick, and then one of them jumps onto the object. We still don't know what it really is.
The two buffalo are arguing whether it is a log, or a crocodile in the water. The throw a rock at it and nothing happens, they poke it with a stick and nothing happens, they then splash it and still nothings happens. Finally the one Buffalo stands on it and nothing happens.
there were two animals and one animal said there was a crocodile and the second animal responded that can used a plank of wood the one tried but saw did not work and decided to splash some water to see if the crocodile would wake up or not and then jumped on it.
There are two bulls on land standing next to water. They are arguing about what they are seeing in the water. The first bull believes it is a log and the second bull insists it's a crocodile. They go back and forth. One of the bulls decides to throw a pebble at it to see if it moves. If it moves, it's most likely a crocodile. It didn't move. Next, the bull pokes it with a stick, but it still didn't move. They determine it is not a crocodile and one of the bulls jumps on the log.
There were 2 wildebeest at the edge of a river. They were trying to decide if what looked like a log was actually a log or a crocodile. In the end one of them jumped on top and stood on it!
There were two cows at the edge of a pond. One was describing what he thought was a alligator and the other thought it was a log to step on. They tested it out with a stick, and then One went to go step on it at that point nothing yet had happened to either cow.
The yaks see an object in the water and are unsure of what it is. They consult that it could be an alligator, log or something else. They then proceed to throw a stick at the object.
Two bison are standing by a river, there is an object in the riover. One bison thinks it is a crocodile, the other thinks it is a log. The bison that thinks it is a crocodile tries to get a response from the object by kicking stones at it, poking it with a stick, splashing it with water and then finally by jumping on it
Two Wildebeest are standing on the riverbank looking at an object. One tells the other that the object is a crocodile. The other says it's a log. The 1st Wildebeest throws a stone, then prods it with a stick, and finally jumps on top of the object in an attempt to prove it is a crocodile.
It was an animated movie in which two buffalo or cow like animals were having a conversation about whether an object in the water was a crocodile or a log. One of the animals that thought it was a crocodile began throwing and poking the object with projecticles to provoke a reaction and prove to the other that it was but without any response before then taking a leap of faith blindly by jumping onto the object and was standing on top of it when the clip ended which didn't make much sense when that was the animal that thought it was a crocodile rather than a log which would suggest at this point that both animals now believe it is a log but that hasn't actually been confirmed yet.
Two elks? standing by water looking at something in the water . They are discussing whether it's a log, or is it a crocodile? one throws a stone, no reaction, he then prods it with a stick, so then jumps on, still no reaction
Two animals, possibly buffalo or bison are stood by the edge of some water. They are animated, and are grunting at each other which takes the form of a conversation in speech bubbles - they are establishing whether an object in the water is a log or a crocodile. One says log, the other says crocodile. The one that thinks the object is a crocodile keeps hitting the object with various things, first a stone, then a stick. At the end the buffalo that thinks the object is a crocodile jumps on the crocodile.
The 2 animals continued to argue if the thing in the water was a crocodile or a log. The first animal threw a stone at the thing in the water. The second animal again said it was a log while the first animal said it was a crocodile. Then the animal poked it with a stick. The 2nd animal again said log, and the first said crocodile. The first animal splashed water on the thing before jumping on it
The two wildebeest were still debating if the object in the water is a log or crocodile. The wildebeest that thinks its a crocodile points a stick to the object and pokes its and then jumps on the object that's in the water.
Cows keep arguing over what it is in the water - log or crocodile. The one who says that it is crocodile, throws a rock at it, then pokes with a branch and then jumps on top of it.
There's two cows at a waterhole. There's an item in the water but they can only see a small portion of it. It could be a log, or it could be a crocodile. They don't know which it is. One cow's trying to check what it is by trying to stir it up. It's thrown a stone and tapped it. The item hasn't budged so it seems like it might just be a log.
Two wildebeest are looking at an object that is partially submerged in the lake. One of them thinks it's a crocodile and the other thinks it's a log. The one who thinks it's a crocodile throws a rock at it but the object doesn't move. The same wildebeest then pokes it with a stick, again no movement. The other wildebeest remains adamant it's a log but can't convince its companion. The wildebeest who thinks it's a crocodile then steps on the object to try and prove it's not a crocodile. The object still doesn't move. 
There were two animals trying to cross a river but they are debating and trying to figure out that if the object in front of them is a log of an alligators since it is partially submerged 
on of the mooses throws a stone at the object in the water to see if it moves, it did not, so he pokes it with a stick, it still does not move at all. He then umps on to the object 
Two bulls are standing on the edge of a pond and are saying what they think the object is in the water. One bull says it's a log and the other says it's a crocodile. As they are debating one bull throws a rock at it, then pokes it with a stick, then splashes water on it and finally jumps on top of it all the while they continuously argue their choice. 
The two water buffalos argue about the object in the water. One thinks it's a log and the other think's it's a crocodile. One of them start to throw rocks and poke it with a stick and eventually jumps on top of the floating object.
The two bulls are still deliberating on what the object is, one of them has thrown a rock at it and splashed it with water to try and figure out what it is. The same bull has just jumped ontop of the object
The wildebeest continue to argue if the object in the water is a log or crocodile, so the main wildebeest then proceeds to throw a rock at the object, the pokes it with a stick and still no movement, he then decides to splash water and finally jumping onto the back of the log
The 2 bison were arguing about whether or not the object in the water was a log or a crocodile. One of the bison threw a rock at it, then prodded it with a stick. The 2 bison kept going back and forth each insisting it was either a log or a crocodile. Eventually one of the bison tentatively stepped onto the object.
There are a couple of buffalos standing on the river bank. They notice a thing in water. One of the buffalo thinks that it's crocodile while other thinks it's wood log. A buffalo that thinks it's a crocodile, throws a stone, water and hit this thing in water with stick but that thing won't move. I think the buffalo considers it safe and jumps over that thing in water.
2 cows are standing on the shore, looking at a small floating island. One kicks a stone onto it, then progs it with a stick and splashes some water onto it, Finally the cow places a leg onto it.
The wildebeest continue arguing over whether it's a log or a crocodile. Between bouts of disagreement, The one who thinks it's a crocodile throws a stone at it, then pokes it with a stick, then splashes it with water, then finally stands on top of it.
The ox that insisted that the thing in the water was an alligator said again that it was an alligator after the other ox said that it was a log. The first ox then threw a rock at the thing in the water to prove it. The second ox insisted again that it was a log. The first ox said again that it was an alligator and appeared annoyed and threw a stick at the thing in the water. Nothing happened again and the second ox insisted that it was a log. The first ox looked even more annoyed and insisted again that the thing in the water was an alligator and splashed it with water and then stepped on it.
The buffaloes that thought the object was a crocodile throws a stone at it but nothing happens. The other Buffalo still thinks the object is a log and again the other Buffalo pokes a stick at the object but nothing happens. The Buffalo still thinks it's a log and so the other buffalo splashes the object and then climbs on the back saying it's a crocodile.
The cow who thinks it is a gator ends up messing with the object in the water. He pokes at it with a stick. He splashes water on it. He eventually ends up on top of it.
Two animals (maybe yaks or bison) are standing together next to some water.  There is something floating in the water.  One of the animals imagines it's a crocodile and the other thinks it's a log.  The one who thinks it's a log throws a rock at the object.  It does not move.  Then the animal jumps on it.
There were 2 bulls, and they see something in the water. Using pictures in the movie and grunts for audio, one says that it is an alligator in the water while the other says it's a log. The first bull throws a stone, then pokes the thing with a stick to prove it's a log. Finally, he steps onto the thing.
the two buffalos debate on whether the object in the body of water is log of wood or a crocodile. the Buffalo throws a rock at it and says it is a crocodile. The other buffalo says it is a log. The other Buffalo then takes a small branch and pokes it and says it is a crocodile, and the other Buffalo reports that it is a log. The Buffalo closest to the water then splashes water on it and says it is a crocodile, the other Buffalo reports again that it is a log. The other Buffalo then jumps onto it and says it is a crocodile, while the other Buffalo says it is alog
There are two bison sitting on the edge of a river. They see something in the water and are arguing whether it's a log or a crocodile. One of the bison throws a rock and then jumps on the object to try to prove that it's a log but the other keeps suggesting it's a crocodile. 
The animals are trying to figure out of the object in the water is a crocodile or a piece of wood. One thinks its a crocodile the other thinks its wood so the one who thinks its crocodile jumps onto it
The 2 bulls were arguing over whether the object in the water was a log or an alligator. They threw a rock at it and it didn't move, so then one poked it with a stick. They continued to argue about it and then the first bull jumped onto it.
The 2 buffalo were standing on the edge of the bank, 1 thought it was a log, the other a crocodile. The one who thought it was a crocodile was prodding it with a stick, then splashed water on it, finally, it climbed onto the back of it.
The reindeers carried on talking about whether it was a crocodile or tree and then started to throw rocks at it to see if it moved.  It didn't look like it was moving, so the one that thought it was a crocodile started splashing it with water
The cows were not sure what the object still was in the water , they still  thought it was either a stick or a crocodile floating at the top, so the poked it with a stick, threw water on it then one cow dared to jump on to it as there was no reaction to being poked they think it is safe and a stick
The animals are still deciding if the object in the water is a log or an alligator. The one that thinks it is an alligator throws a rock at it to see if it reacts. Since it doesn't react, the second animal still thinks its a log. The first animal then pokes it with a stick to see if it moves. It doesn't, so the second animal still thinks it's a log. Then the first animal jumps on top of the object.
The two cows continue to debate if the object in the water is a log or at gator. One cow throws a rock at the object, pokes it with a stick and then jumps on top of it.
There were two oxen standing at the edge of a pond trying to figure out if an object in the water was a log or an alligator. One Ox was confident that the object was a log the other thinks its an Alligator. The one that thinks it an Alligator through a rock in the water , and even jump on top of the object to prove his point.
The two wildebeests continue discussing whether it's a crocodile or a log. First the one who says crocodile throws a stone at it. nothing happens. The other says log!. So the first one pokes it with a stick. Nothing happens so the other one says Log! The first one then splashes it with water and when nothing happens jumps onto it. Nothing happens and then...
The two yaks continue to argue over whether the thing in the water is a log or an alligator. The one on the left throws a rock at it, pokes it with a stick, until finally climbing onto it. 
There are some cows. Two cows wants to cross the river however one thinks it's just a wood log and other says it's a crocodile. So one cow is testing if it is one by splashing water and hitting it with a stick without no repones 
Two cattle are at a watering hole observing a partially submerged object in the water.  One of them thinks it is a crocodile and the other thinks it is a log.  The one who thinks it's a crocodile decides to test the object.  Firstly it throws a rock at it, then pokes it with a stick, thirdly splashing it with water and finally stepping on it.  Each time there is no reaction from the object.
Two bisson where stood by the water and the object in the water could either be a branch or a crocodile. The first bisson throws a rock, pokes it with a stick, splashes water on it and the pair still come to the opposite conclusions about whether it is safe to cross or not. 
Two buffalo type creatures are stood at the edge of water. There is a shape in the water. One of them thinks its a crocodile, the other thinks its a log. One of them prods it with a stick and nothing happens. It then climbs on top of the object in the water.
Fog clear to reveal two cow-like creatures looking at something in a pool of water, maybe a lake. They communicate by grunting. The first one grunts that they think it's a crocodile (or alligator?) and the second one responds that it is a log. The first one throws a rock that hits the thing, pokes the thing with a stick, and splashes it with water; nothing happens in response. The first one seems to ask the second one whether it is a log or a crocodile and the second one confirms it's a log. The first one jumps onto the back of the thing in the water.
The first bison tried to convince the 2nd bison that what is in the water is actually a Crocodile and proceeded to throw stones at it and prod it with a stick, it then jumped onto the floating object to elicit a response.....
Two African bulls are trying to figure out what they see in the water. One thinks it is a log and the other thinks it is a crocodile. They toss a rock at it and pole it with a stick and finally splash some water on it but nothing happens. Then one of the bulls steps onto th eobject floating in the water.
They argued if it was a log or a crocodile. one poked it with a stick and climbed on it.
The two buffalos continued to argue as to whether the object in the water was a log or a crocodile. The buffalo on the left who thought it was a crocodile splashed the object and threw water over it but it didn't move. At the end, the same buffalo jumped on top of the object
He throws a stone at the object then pokes it with a stick then stands on it.
Two cows are discussing whether or not something in the water is an alligator or a log. They keep going back and forth on which one it is. One of them splashes water on it and then pokes it with a stick before beginning to jump on it when the video clip ends.
Two animals are trying to cross a lake. One animal thinks there is a crocodile in the water, but the other animal believes this to be a log. If this is a log, it will aid the animals in crossing, if it is a croc, it could put the animals in danger. The animal who thinks it's a crocodile pokes the unidentified object to see if it moves. It does not.
So the two beasts that were near the water edge had a debate about what that floating thing was. The first guy said log, and the second one said crocodile. They kept arguing for their side, so the one that said crocodile decided to grab a stick and to start poking at it to prove himself correct. 
The two wilderbeast were deciding if the object in the water was a log or a crocodile the one jumped on it
Some moose cows were having a debate whether something in the water was a crocodile or a log they could walk on. They proceeded to test this out.
they are still arguing about if it is a log or an alligator. Nothing much has changed in my opinion 
Their were two main characters. I'm assuming they were bulls since they both had horns. They were looking in the water trying to figure out what was in there. The one kept thinking it was an alligator and the other one thought it was a log. The one who thought it was an alligator threw a rock at it and splash water, then jumped on top of it. 
Two yaks are looking in the water wondering if what they see in the water in a crocodile or a log. The yak throws a stone at igt and it doesn't move, next he  splashes it with water and it still doesn't move finally he pokes it with a stick and it doesn't move so he bravely decides to stand on it.
One wildebeest insists that something in the water is a crocodile while the other wildebeest thinks it is a log. The first one throws a stone, then he pokes it with a stick, then he splashes it to try and wake it up and then he steps on its back.
Two water buffaloes are standing at the edge of a river arguing whether the object in the water in front of them is a crocdile or a log. One buffalo keeps insisting it is a crocodile, and tests this out by throwing a rock, poking it with a stick, splashing water on it, and then finally standing on it. 
The two animals continued to argue over whether it was a crocodile or a log, the one who thought it was a crocodile threw a rock at it. then it hit with a stick and then it jumped on top of it, they still proceeded to argue whether it was a crocodile or a rock,
two bulls see an objec in the water the bull singles they think its an alligator, the other thinks its a log, the one bull has a stick and pokes at the object while the others throws a stick. the main bull on the left decided to jump on the object. 
The bulls, or whatever animal they are wanting to know weather the thing floating in the water is a alligator or driftwood started to poke it with a stick, then started to touch it, but haven't came to a conclusion, but they have succumb to their curiosity
The two wildebeest are still having an argument as to whether the object in the water is a crocodile or a log. The wildebeest who believes the object is a crocodile throws a rock at the object but the object doesn't react. He or she then tries poking the object with a stick. Still, the object doesn't react. He or she then tries splashing the object with water. Again, nothing. Exasperated, the wildebeest tries one last attempt at proving the object is a crocodile to his or her skeptical friend by standing on top of it. 
Two bison at a watering hole, a mysterious floating object, which appeared to look like a croc' or was it a log, one thought lig, the other thought croc, he threw a stone at it, poked it with a stick, even jumped on its back.. 
The two wildebeest continue to argue over what the object in the water may be - either a crocodile or a log. The wildebeest who's arguing it's a crocodile becomes increasingly irate, and begins throwing rocks at, else poking with a stick, the object in the water. The other wildebeest remains unconvinced. In frustration, the first wildebeest jumps onto the object.
The wildebeests debated whether the object was an alligator or log. They threw a rock at it, poked it with a stick, and splashed water on it. Then one of them stepped onto it.
Two animals were getting water. They saw somethng in the water. It could be a log or could be an alligator. They through rocks at it and poked it with a stick to test. 
The cow on the left said crocodile while the one on the right said log. The one on the left and picked up a rock tossing it at the object in the water. The one on the right said crocodile and the one on the right said log. The one on the left grabbed a stick and was poking the thing in the water. He then splashed it and placed the front two legs first before stepping onto the thing in the water.
The two cows keep going back and forth, the it's an alligator cow tosses a small stone at the object in the water. Nothing happens. It pokes it with a stick. Nothing happens. It splashes water on it. Nothing happens. It taps it with a hoof, and nothing happens, so it finally steps onto it. 
There was 2 bulls at the waterside, in the middle of the river there was a shape. One bull thought it was a crocodile whilst the other thought it was a log . The bull who thought it was only a log stepped on it to help him cross the water.
So the two wilder-beasts continue their conversation as before, with one insisting that the object in the water is a crocodile and the other that it is just a log. There is a back and forth with them reiterating their positions and each time, the one who believes it to be a crocodile, punctuates their point with a physical action, throwing rocks at it, poking it with a stick, and at the point we stopped, they had stepped out onto the object.
One of the animals on the bank threw a rock at the thing in the water. Then prodded it with a stick. Then splashed water on it. Then jumped on top of it. The two animals continued to disagree on what it was.
the two wildebeest were looking at what one thought was a crocodile and one thought it was a log in the river,th one who thought it was a croc threw a rock at the at the object and then poked it with a stick not satisfied with that he jumpe on top of the what he thought was a croc then the video ended
The buffalos were still debating if there was an alligator or log in the water.  One of them jump on top trying to prove it was alligator .
Looks like two cartoon buffalo or bovine horned anyway are standing by some water one on he left grunts and a pic of a gator is shown in a bubble capsule the other gurts with a bubble showing log they go back and forth sticking to their perceptions the gator perceiver throws a small rock, splashes water, pokes with a stick nothing happens and then jumps on to the object bouncing up and down.
one of the cows thinks its a crocodile while the other cow thinks its a piece of wood, the cow that thinks its a crocodile then throws a rock at the object in the water, then the cow pokes it with a stick, then the cow kicks water at it, then the cow jumps onto the object in the water.   
The cows are arguing if the thing in the water is a log of crocodile. The one that thinks its a crocodile just hopped on it to try to prove it to the friend
The cow that thought the object was a log threw a stone at the object, followed by a stick and then splashed some water at it. There was no reaction frrom the object, but the other cow still thought it was an alligator. At the end of the clip, the cow that thought the object was a log stepped onto it.
The were two buffalo by the water front, one buffalo was skeptical if there is a crocodile in the water while the other thought of a wood. The first that thought a crocodile was inside used a stick to the body of water and found nothing. The buffalo stepped his feet inside the water.
The wildebeest on the left throws a rock at the alligator log, then the one on the right says it's a log because the rock didn't make the alligator move. Then the wildebeest on the left pokes it with a stick, then splashes water on the alligator log. Finally, it jumps on top of the alligator log.
The bison disagreed whether the object in the water was a log or a crocodile. They tested it a few ways like throwing a stone at it, but still disagreed. Finally one bison jumped onto the object to check
There are two wildebeest at the waters edge, there is also an object in the water. One thinks that the object is a crocodile and the other thinks it is a log. The one who thinks it is a crocodile throws a stone, splashes it, hits it with a stick and even jumps on it to prove that it is a crocodile with no reaction.
The first animal tests the object 4 times while insisting it is a crocodile, and his friends insists it's a log. He throws a rock, then uses a stick, then splashes with water, then climbs onto it. 
The two buffalos are arguing about whether the shape in the water is a log or crocodile. The one who thinks it is a crocodile throws a rock at it, prods it with a stick, throws water at it and eventually jumps on it in an attempt to prove it is a crocodile. 
The two wilder beast discuss whether the object in the water is a crocodile or a log. The wilder beast closest to the water pokes the object with a stick, tries splashing it with water and tries to step on the object.
The two bulls are arguing over what a mysterious shape in the water is. The first bull thinks it's a crocodile, but the second thinks it's a log. The first bull then throws a stone at it, and both bulls still stick by their original theories. Then the first bull pokes the shape with a stick, and we still don't know what it is. Both bulls still think they are right. Then the first bull splashes water on the shape and presses on it with it's front two legs! 
There are 2 water buffalo beside the water. There is an object in the water in front of them. They are arguing back and forth about if it is a log of an alligator. One of the them throws a rock at the object, it doesn't move. Then, it pushes on it with it foot, it dips down from the pressure, then pops back up. The water buffalo then jumps on the object. It bobs under it, but still no reaction. 
The bull threw a rock at the floating object in the water. They are still debating on whether it is a log or a crocodile. The bull then prodded the object with a stick with no response, still thinking it is a crocodile. Adamant that the object is a crocodile, the bull jumps on the object
Two moose are standing on the rivers edge staring at an object in the river. One of the moose beleives the object is a crocodile and the other beleives it is a log. To try and prove his point the first moose prods the object with a stick. And then jumps ontop of it, to try and show it is not a crocodile.
The two Bulls seem to be gazing into the water debating whether the object in the pond's center was a log or an alligator. Neither 1 was speaking verbally but somehow had mental communication the bull on the left through objects into the water in an attempt to get the attention of the object. The objects thrown into the water were a rock and a branch from a tree.
The two buffalo from the side of the river are looking at what they are unsure if either a log of a crocodile. They throw a rock at the log. one of them splashes water towards the 'log'. One of the buffalo then decides to jump onto the 'log'.
The two buffalo disagree as to what is in the water; one believes it is a log and the other a crocodile. The one who thinks it is a crocodile throws a stone at it, but nothing happens. It then pokes it with a stick, and again, nothing happens. Finally, it decides to jump on top of it.
cows near a lake saying is this a log or crocodile  
Two wildebeest were stood on an embankment and they could see something in the water. One wildebeest thinks its a crocodile whilst the other thinks its a log. One Wildebeest throws a stone at the unknown item in the water and there was no movement so takes a step to stand on it
the two buffalo are arguing over whether that is a log or a crocodile in the water. The one who believes it is a crocodile keeps hitting it with a stick and not getting a reaction. He still believes it is a crocodile when he steps on it. 
Two buffalo are standing by the water. There is something floating in the water, one buffalo thinks it is a crocodile, the other thinks it is just a log. They go back and forth arguing what the thing in the water is. One of the buffalo throws a rock at the thing in the water, following this, it then jumps ontop of the thing in the water and stands on it
Two bulls standing river side looking at what could be a log and one of them decides to step on it, taking the risk.
The two bulls were still debating over whether the object in the water was a crocodile or a log. The bull that thought it was a crocodile wanted to prove to its friend that it was a crocodile so that bull began prodding the object and throwing stones at it to see if the object would react. The object didn't react. The bull that thinks it's a crocodile has now jumped on top of the object to try and get it to move and prove that it's a crocodile.
There are two wildebeest on a riverbank, they are looking into the water at a shape and trying to guess what the shape is, they both have different opinions. The one on the left says that the shape is a crocodile, the one on the right responds and says that it is a log. The left wildebeest tries to convince the right wildebeest that it is a crocodile by first throwing a rock at the shape, then poking it with a stick, then splashing water on it and then jumping on the shape itself. During this, the right wildebeest still remains unconvinced and the shape does not move. 
one the water buffalo first poked the object with a stick. Then the same one splashed it. When there was no reaction, it hopped on top of the object. 
The water buffalos keep arguing about wether the the object in the water is a log or an alligator. The one that thinks it's an alligator pokes the object with a stick and nothing happens. He jumps on the object and hops up and down.
The two bisons at the edge of the lake are considering whether the object in the water is a crocodile or a log. The one bison first throws a stone at the object but when it doesn't move the second bison still believes it's a log. The first bison still believing it's a crocodile next pokes it with a stick. When it still doesn't move, the second bison still thinks it's a log. So the first bison jumps on it.
Two wildebeests are looking at an object in the water. They are questioning whether it is a log or crocodile. One throws a rock at it and it doesn't move. Then it pokes it with a stick and it still doesn't move. Then it jumps on it.
The wilderbeast humerously argue over whether the thing in the water is a crocodile or a log. The argument gets pacier and the wilderbeast that thinks it is a crocodile begins throwing rocks at the croc log then poking it with a stick, all to try and win the argument. Also, stop falling asleep.
There are two cows and one is encouraging the other to say an object in the water is just a log. The other cow thinks that the object is an aligator. The cow is determined to make his point so jumps on top of the object in the water. 
The two wildebeest are arguing over what they're seeing in the water. The one says it's a crocodile and then continues to throw a rock at it. The second one says it's a log when they see it not moving. The first one proceeds to say it's a crocodile and pokes it with a twig, second one insists its a log. The first one protests that it's a crocodile, splashes it with water then proceeds to climb on it I think in an attempt to wake it up.
There are two bulls standing by a pool of water. They are trying to figure out if what they see in the water is a log or a crocodile. They poke it with a stick, throw a rock at it and even jump on it to prove its a log and not a crocodile.
The cow that believes the obstacle in the river to be a crocodile first threw a stone over the obstacle to show the cow that believes it's a tree trunk. They both continue to be in disagreement, so the first cow further uses what looks like a tree branch to test reach to the obstacle and turns to the other cow to insist it's a crocodile. The other cow still insists it is just a trunk, and so the first cow jumps onto the the obstacle 
The two ruminants were sharing thoughts in speech bubbles as to whether the object in front of them was a crocodile or a rock. They then proceeded to prod it with a stick, throw a stone at it and finally one leapt onto it.
There were two beasts (for the sake of argument, they seem to be gnu) next to an object in the water to their left. They are on the bank. One gnu thinks that the object in the water is a crocodile, whilst the other believes it to be a log. The former gnu throws a stone at the object, then splashes it with water, then prods it with a stick, and finally jumps on it. All the while, the latter gnu continues to insist that it is a log.
Hello sleeping beauty, those two ox were debating whether there was a log or a crocodile in the water stream they were trying to cross, you missed a big jump as one jumped onto this thing in the water.
Two sheep were still trying to determine whether the object in the water was a log or a crocodile. One sheep threw a rock at it and then a stick. It then decided after it didn't move to climb onto the object. 
the water buffalo continue to debate whether the object is an alligator or log. The buffalo that thinks it's an alligator tosses a pebble at it. The object doesn't budge. They then poke it with a stick. It still doesn't budge. They then hop on top of it and that when you woke up.
The two water buffalos are still arguing over whether the object in the water is a log, or a crocodile.  The throw a stone at the object, and still can't decide, so one of them jumps on to the floating object with all four feet.
The two characters argued about whether the thing in the water was a log or a crocodile. One of them started splashing at it and poking it with a stick. Then one of them just jumped on top of the thing in the water and is standing on it.
The hogs were still in conversation about whether the object was a crocodile or a log. One of them, the one which thought it was a croc, jumped on the object and was balancing precariously on it.
2 buffalo at a watering spot.  In front of them is something in the water and both animals have a different opinion on what it may be - a log or croc.  One of them  takes the initiative and throws a stone, splashes water at, prods with a stick.  eventually, this animal stands on top of the thing in the water.
There are two animals by what looks like a river, and they are looking out at something that is in the water. One animal states that it is a crocodile and the other states that it is a log. They go back and forth a couple of times and then the one that believes that it is a crocodile pokes it with a stick, but it doesn't move, then it splashes it with water, and it still doesn't move. The animal that believes it is a crocodile then jumps onto the log crocodile in the water.
two cows are trying to decide if the object in the water is a crocodile or a log. They prod, it and splash it to see what it is 
The two moose were standing at the edge of the water looking at a lump sticking out. One thought it was a log, the other thought it was an alligator. The one that thought it was an alligator jumped onto the lump to find out.
There were some water buffalo at the edge of a body of water. In the water there is something that looked like it could be a log or a crocodile. The water buffalo are arguing which it could be. One of the water buffalo throws a stone at the thing in the water and another pokes it with a stick. Finally one of the water buffalo jumps on to the thing.
Two buffalo or oxen were at a watering hole. They were brown grey black. Using speech bubbles they were having a dispute about whether an object in the water was an alligator or a tree stump. It looked like both. One poked with a stick and one splashed it with water.
There are 2 bison stood at the side of some water, where the can see a mysterious looking item in the water. One bison thinks its a crocodile whilst the other thought it was a log, so the bison on the right first through a rock to see if it really was a crocodile. Nothing happened. Then he proceeded to poke it with a stick, still nothing happened so the same bison jumped onto the object.
The 2 bison spot the object in the water, one thinks it is a crocodile whilst  the other thinks it is a log. The bison on the right threw a stone at the object and nothing happened so the other one was sure it was a log. To make sure, the other bison poken it with a stick, still nothing, so then he decided to jump on the object instead.
The two buffalo continue to argue over whether the object in the water is a log, or a crocodile. The buffalo which thinks the object is a crocodile is growing irritated, and is going to great lengths to prove himself right. nnThe last thing he did was jump on top of the object in the lake.
The two wildebeest keep arguing about whether the object in the water is a log or a crocodile. Eventually one of them jumps on the object.
The cow on the left says it's a crocodile but the other cow is not convinced. The cow on left says it's a log and to prove him wrong throws stone on it. In the end the cow jumps onto the crocodile and eaten
2 moose are trying to figure out if something in the water is a log or a crocodile. Moose no.1 pokes it with a stick, splashes it with water and then steps on it. Moose no.2 still thinks it is a log.
the two animals on the shore were wondering if the lump in the water edge was a tree trunk or a crocodile. One of the animals was poking the lump with a stick. That animal then jumped onto the lump at the shore side
One of the yaks thought that the thing in the water was a alligator. Other yak thought it was a log in the water but then the yak that thought it was an alligator stood on the back of it.
The two ox bison cow things are arguing about what that mound in the water in front of them is. The one on the left thinks it's a crocodile while the other thinks it's a log. They are prodding it with more and more vigor as they try to see if it'll react. One of them finally jumps onto the mound to see whether it's a log or not.
Two buffalo are standing by the water looking at a figure.  One things it's an alligator, the other thinks it's a log.  They throw a rock, a stick, and splash water on it.  Then one jumps on top of it.
The bulls argue over whether what they see in the water is a log or a crocodile. The bull that believes it is a crocodile throws a stone at it and nothing happens; the other bull says its a log again. Continuing to believe it is a crocodile he pokes it with a stick then kicks it and jumps on top of it. Nothing happens and the other bull says its a log.
VERY FUNNY, WHAT WERE THOSE ANIMALS, MAYBE A BULL, THEY WERE TRYING TO FIGURE OUT WEITHER IT WAS A LOG OR A CROCODILE.ONE TRIED TO POKE AND SEE AND THEN LATER JUMPED ON IT.
The bison was trying to prove there was an alligator in the water and threw a rock, poked it with a stick and climbed on top of it trying to wake it up, the other bison still thinks its a log.  
The cows kept on pestering the crocodile, the other cow thought it was a log and the other one said it was a crocodile. The cow then jumped on top of the crocodile.
There are 2 water buffalos by water. They saw something on the surface of the water. Buffalo 1 says it's the back of a crocodile, while Buffalo 2 argues it seems more like a piece of log floating on the water surface. After a few back and forth disagreements, Buffalo 1 decides to prove his theory is right, so he used a stick to poke at it, but it remains unmoved. Then he finally jumped on it to see what's about to happen.
The buffalo are still arguing about if the thing in the water is a crocodile or a log, one of the buffalo pokes it with a stick and splashes water at it whilst saying it is a crocodile. The other still thinks that this thing in the water is a log 
the two cattle are arguing about whether the lump in the water is an alligator or a floating log. The cattle on the left says it is an alligator, and to prove his point, he picks up a rock and throws it at the lump. The cattle on the right again says it is a pice of wood, and the cattle on the left says it is an alligator. the cattle on the left splashes water on the lump, and they again argue. the cattle on the left then puts his hoofs on the lump, and then steps on top of the lump.
The Two Bulls spot a log alligator and are unsure as to what it is, one of the bulls throws a rock and the other pokes it with a stick. then with no reaction from the log alligator. one of the bull jumps onto it. 
The two bison are discuss whether the object in the water is a log or crocodile. The one that thinks its a crocodile first throws a stone at it and then a stick to see if it will move. Then the bison steps onto the object
Two gnu were on the edge of a river, looking at an object. One thought it was a log, the other a crocodile. To prove a point, one gnu tossed a stone at the object, and then claimed again it wa sa crocodile. The other again disagreed, claiming it was a log. The first gnu then prodded the object with a stick to prove it was a croc, only for the other one to again disagree. The first gnu then decided to jump on the object to obtain definitive proof. 
two cows are trying to work out if it is a log or a crocodile in the water, they prod it, splash it and then one steps on it
The 2 ox's are debating if its a log or alligator. The one Ox throws a rock and then starts poking at it with a stick. The one Ox decides to jump onto the log Alligator.
The bulls kept arguing over whether or not the thing in the water was an alligator or a log. The bull that thinks it's an alligator started to splash water on it and poke it to prove that it is a gator, and now, it actually is standing on top of the object trying to get it to move.
The buffalo on the left has a speech bubble with a crocodile, saying to the other buffalo that the thing in the pond is a crocodile. The other buffalo has a speech bubble of a log - he thinks the thing in the pond is a log. The buffalo then pokes the thing with a stick.
the two animals were still arguing about whether the thing in the water was a log or crocodile, so they decide to test it out to see. the animal on the left picks up a stone and throws it at the object, it doesnt move. It them splashes some water on it, then uses a stick and again there was no movement as they continue to argue about whether its a log or crocodile. Then the one on the lest looks to get frustrated and jumps on the object to seemingly prove its point.
two bulls test if there is a wooden log or a crocodile in the water. they poke it and stand on it 
The animals are still arguing as to wheather there is an aligator in the water of it is just some drift wood. One animal proceeds to jump onto the object to prove their point. 
There are two animals and they see something in the water. The two animals are trying to figure out if what is in the water is a log or a crocodile. 
The animal thinks it is a crocodile and has poked it with a sick, threw a rock at it and splashed water on it to convince the other animal who still thinks it is a log so the anal who think it is a crocodile jumps on it.
two cattle are discussing item in water. one says its a croc, the other says its a log.nthe one says its a croc, throws a stone, then prods the object with a stick.nhe then jumps on the object
Two cow-like animals are arguing over whether or not an object in the water is an alligator, or a log.  There is an object in the water where only the top of it is visible, and so it is not clear which of the two animals is correct.  The animal who thinks it's an alligator throws a rock at it, then pokes it with a stick, then one of the two animals jumps on top of it.  
Two animals are debating whether there is a crocodile or log in the pond. The first animal begins testing by throwing a rock to see for any movement. It then splashes water and pokes with a stick. Finally it jumps on the crocodile log.
The two ox were heavily debating whether it was a crocodile or a log in the water. One ox was convinced that it was just a log. However the other ox was insistent in proving the it was indeed a crock by doing things like throwing a rock at it, tapping it with a stick, splashing water on it, and even jumping on it to wake it up.
the crocodiles are debating whether or not an object is a log or a crocodile. They are interfering with the object to try and establish what it is.
The is a argument between two cows. First of all he pokes the log like item in the water. But no reaction so other cow things log. The first cow says no again then pokes logo with stick. Again other cow ays no and so the first cow then decides to get on the logo looking like object in the river.
The two gnus continue to disagree whether the object in the water is a crocodile or a log. the one believing it first throws a stone at it but provokes no reaction. The other gnu is convinced it is a log. the first then prods it with a stick eliciting no reaction and maintains it is a crocodile. The other believes it to be a log. Finally the first gnu jumps on the back of the object
the cow who thinks the object in the water is a crocodile throws a stone at it, pokes it with a stick and then jumps on top of the object
Two water buffalo gaze at an mysterious structure floating on the water's edge. They contemplate what it is-- log or crocodile? One intrepid buffalo cautiously prods the floating object with a stick--no reaction. Embolden, the buffalo concludes that it is not a crocodile and boldly leaps onto the the mysterious structure. 
The wildebeest things, I think that's what they are, are standing at the edge of the river of course and they are debating whether the thing in the water is a log or a crocodile. One throws a rock at it and even stands on it to prove that it is not.
The two Wildebeest are arguing with each other over whether or not an object floating in a pool of water is either a log or a crocodile. The one Wildebeest keeps provoking the object, by throwing a rock at it and poking it with a stick. When the floating object in question does not move, one Wildebeest insists it's a log, instead of a crocodile.
The two animals were debating whether or not the thing in the water is an alligator or a log. The one that thinks it's an alligator poked it and splashed water over it without effect, before jumping onto it.
There was so much deliberation whether the object in the sea was a log of wood or a crocodile. Both cows kept contemplating. Cow1 threw something at it but it did not move. It also picked up a stick and threw at it, yet it did not move. Cow 1 finally jumped at it and stood on it. It did not move. It was proven to be log of wood. 
Two buffalo are debating whether a floating object is either a crocodile or a bit of drift wood. The one who thinks its a croc taps it with a stick, then splashes it with water before climbing onto it. At this stage the item hasn't moved by its own and we don't know what it is
The 2 water buffalo you saw before you fell asleep were wondering if the thing in the water in front of them is a log or crocodile. Strangely though, the one that thought it was a crocodile climbed onto the thing. Lets see what happens....
The two cows pondered on if what they saw was a log of wood. After much contemplation. One of the cows took a stone and threw it on the object they trying to convince his friend that it was a log of wood. The cow jumped on top of the object.
The two buffalos were still questioning if the object in the water was a crocodile or a log.  The one that was arguing crocodile, throws a rock at the object, it does not move.  they then argue again about what it is (log or crocodile) and the one arguing crocodile pokes it with a stick, it does not move. They go back to arguing when the one who thinks crocodile jumps onto the object. 
Two cows are arguing about whether something in the water is a crocodile or a log. One of the cows then jumps onto the thing
There are 2 bison standing next to a body of water. They are looking at something in the water and trying to decide what they think it is. One of them thinks it is a log, the other thinks it is a crocodile. To try and identify what it is they throw a stone at it, poke it with a stick, splash it with water and finally one of them jumps on to it.
The two cows are looking at something in the water. One believes it is an alligator, the other thinks its just a log. They go back and forth a bit until the cow that thinks the object is an alligator starts poking it with a stick! That's when you woke up.
The two cows were wondering whether the item i the river was a log or a crocodile, One of the cows then decided to step on it to feel what exactly it was.
The buffalo that thought mound was an alligator decided to stand on top of the alligator. 
The two bison who were arguing about whether the object was an crocodile or a log, continued arguing. The bison who said it was a crocodile threw a rock at it, and it did not react. It then poked it with a stick, and splashed it with water, and it did not react. Finally, he poked it with his hooves and then jumped onto the object in the water.
Two African Buffalo are discussing whether an object in the water is a crocodile or a log. One is insistent that it is a log but the other is convinced it is a crocodile so it starts to test the object. He first throws a rock and there is no reaction. He then pokes it with a stick and there is still no reaction. Finally, he jumps on top of the object and now we are waiting to see what might happen.
The two cows keep trying to debate if it's an alligator or a log. One cow threw a rock and the thing in the water did not move. Then, the cow poked it with a stick, and then it did not move. Then the cow jumped on the thing on the water and the cow was standing on top of the floating thing on the water.
The bison continue to go back and forth with the one on the left saying its an alligator, so he looks down at it and throws a rock. The other bison says its a log, and the one on the left still says its an alligator. The left one then throws water at it, and nothing happens, and this back and forth continued. Lastly, he poked a stick at the log and still nothing so he hops on after debate again.
There are two buffolo at the waters edge and there is something in the water infront of them. One of them thinks that the object is a log but the other one thinks its a crocodile.  They cant decide between them which it is so one of the buffolo decides to splash it and poke it with a log
One of the Two buffalo insisted that there was an crocodile in the water whilst the other insisted it was just a log. The one that said it was a crocodile decided to throw rocks at it. It didn't move so the same Buffalo then stood on top of it.
One waterhog things the item in the water is a log. The other thinks it is a crocodile. The one who thinks it is a crocodile splashes water on the object, throws a stone at it and pokes it with a stick. The object doesn't move.  This waterhog then jumps onto the log from the edde of the water.
The two wildebeasts are arguing over where the aligator is an alligator or a log. The left one keeps poking the log to see which it is, and it never responds, while the right is convinced that it is a log and keeps arguing as such.
The buffalo couldn't decide if it was a log or a crocodile in the water. They threw a rock to see if it moved. Then they splashed it to see if it moved. Lastly one buffalo climbed onto the rock.
water buffalo were depatiing if an object was a log or a gator. One of them jumped on it and it didnt move.
The first buffalo says that it is a crocodile and throws a stone at it. The second buffalo disagrees and says that it is a log. The first buffalo then hits it with a stick and says it is a crocodile. The second buffalo disagrees and still insists that it is a log. The first buffalo then splashes it with water, before stepping over and standing on it.
The speaking buffalo continue their debate about the item in the lake. The buffalo on the left, pokes it with a stick, splashes water on it, and then jumps on it.
Two bulls were debating whether the lump in the water was a crocodile or a log. After poking it and splashing it , the one who thought it was a crocodile jumped on it.
The animal that thought the object was a crocodile throws a stone at the object and when it doesn't move it pokes it with a stick.
the buffalo tested the object to see if it was a crocodile or a log by throwing stones at it pokig it with a stick and throwing water on it
The main character which is the buffalos was trying to see what was in the water , finally it jumps on it and its a wood. This was amazing.
There are sheep standing next to a body of water. There is a question bubble above the sheep to show their thoughts. One sheep has a thought about wood, and the other an alligator. There is something in the body of water that looks like an alligator and one sheep pokes it with a stick to try and show the other that it is an alligator, not wood.
The cow on the right is arguing that the thing they are looking at is a crocodile whereas the cow on the left is arguing that it is a log. The right hand cow throws a rock and then a stick at the object. It then splashes it with water, finally it jumps onto the object. 
The two Ox are debating wether the floating object is a log or an alligator. One Ox keeps poking the object to see if it will move. 
2 Oxen are arguing about whether what they can see in the water is a crocodile or a log, the one that believes it's a crocodile tried throwing a rock at it and poking it with a stick, before splashing the water to try to entice some movement from it. It then climbed on top of it.
The two wildebeest continued to argue over whether it was a log or crocodile. The one arguing it was a crocodile tried to prove its point by splashing it, poking it with a stick and throwing a stone, before eventually standing on it. Meanwhile the other continued to insist it was a log.
One buffalo thinks that the lump in the water is a log, but the other thinks it is a crocodile. The one who thinks it is a crocodile throws a stone at the lump in the water, and it rises to the surface slightly. The first buffalo still thinks it is a log, but the second buffalo is still convinced it's a crocodile. The second buffalo pokes a stick at the lump, and then jumps onto the lump.
Two oxen are looking at an object in the water in front of them, they don' t know if it's a crocodile or a rock, and one of the oxen throws a stone at it, then pokes it with a stick, splashes it then jumps onto it.
Two Animals argue over whether the unknown object is a Log or Crocodile. One Says Croc the other says Log. The first ones then Pokes it with stick; it doesnt respond... they then splash it. it doesnt respond. it then proceeds to jump onto it.
There were 2 cows that were trying to figure out weather a log in the water was an alligator or not. They hit it with rocks and a stick to make sure that it was a log.
The two wildebeest standing at the bank along a body of water are still discussing if what they see in the water is an alligator or a log. The wildebeest who thinks it is an alligator pokes the thing with a stick but gets no reaction. It then splashes the thing with no reaction. The wildebeest then jumps onto the thing in the water.
The rams were trying to decide if the object in the water was a crocodile or a log. The first ram threw a stone at it, then prodded it with a stick, then threw water on it and finally jumped on top of it.
The two cows stood at the side of the water and could not agree if the item that was floating on the water was a log or crocodile, one of them threw a pebble and it bounced off the object but it did not give us an idea on whether it was a log or crocodile 
The left buffalo continues to argue with the right buffalo about what the object in the water is. The left buffalo throws a rock at the object, pokes it with a stick, splashes it, and finally stands on it. All while arguing with the other buffalo about what the object is.
Two wildebeast want to cross a river and there's an island in the middle that they can use.  One thinks it maybe a crocodile and the other thinks it's just a log.  The wildebeast who thinks it's a crocodile steps on to the island to find out.
The ox who said it was a log threw a stone to check. After nothing occurring he used a stick to poke on it to make sure. After nothing happening the second one still claimed it was a crocodile. In response the main ox splashed some water on it, after nothing happening he jumped onto the object.
