The tip of a once great mountain is disturbed by men chopping and processing wood. This creature stands up and walks into the forest and finds a soft place to continue its rest. As it is falling asleep someone is putting a rope around its nose
A man cuts a tree that is on the rock. This irritates the rock. Then a number of other men start doing work around the rock. This makes a lot of noise which frustrates the rock further. The rock then decides to move away to another place where he lies down to try and get some rest. As he lies something puts a rope around the rocks nose.
The 'living rock' has a tree growing out of it's grassy top.  A woodcutter comes along and chops down the tree.  The scene moves to the right of the rock and we see a lot of men building something and making a lot of noise.  The rock gets up and walks along to the left of the scene. It find a smooth high slope and there is some vegetation against this slope.  It rearranges this vegetation into a comfy cushion and then leans against the cushion to rest.
the woodsman chopped down the little tree, then it zoomed out to show a bunch of them building a village. the rock is annoyed by the noise of it and uproots itself revealing it has legs and arms. It groggily walks a few steps into a forest, makes a little pillow out of a bush and lies down against a slope. A rope then just appeared around its nose and it looked surprised.
so the rock that you saw earlier in the film was disturbed by men chopping down the tree on top of him, he looked really sad, he decided he wanted to get up and move, so he dragged himself up and started walking away to find somewhere quiet, he found another large rock and puffed up some plants as a cushion and laid down, then a rope was put around his nose
The rock has eroded over time, from a big mountain into a small rock that has one tree on top of it. It appears that the rock represents changes that have occurred on our planet through thousands of years. Now, a man stands on top of the rock, and chops the single tree down. This rock is now sad and rolls off even smaller.
A man cuts down a tree that has grown on the rock, and the noise wakes the rock up. When the man walks away in front of the rock, the rock starts to go back to sleep but is woken again by the sound of men building a structure nearby. So the rock stands up and walks into a forest, finds a comfy quiet position and drops to the ground to sleep again. A rope is thrown over his nose and awakens it again
A man saws part of the tree off the rock's head. The rock tries to sleep, but many humans are constructing wooden objects nearby; very loud. The rock hoists itself out of the ground, with its little legs and arms, and settles into a nearby forest to sleep. Then someone lassoes its nose.
A man chopped down a tree that was on a big sleeping rock. The rock woke up and moved itself away from men that were building something.
The rock had a tree growing out of his head which had been there for a while. A man came along and chopped it down, then workmen came and started chopping and building right next to him. He uprooted himself and moved away and placed himself alongside a wood.
The rock awakens and hears sounds. He realizes a settler is chopping wood on top of him. The rock is groggily waking up. He notices other settlers around doing the same thing, chopping wood. The rock gets up and moves to a different spot. He is extremely tired.
So Swedish looking guy on top of the rock kept swinging to chop down the tree he was working at. As he finished and hopped off, the rock started to wake up from his slumber. The one carpenter is joined by a whole group of people and they are building some sort of building right to 7 o'clock. He tries to drown out the sound by covering his ears, but finally settles on picking himself up from the ground and walking over to rest on the side of a larger rock structure. He keeps that half-cut down tree on his head as some sort of hat. 
A man is cutting a tree he walks away while the rock watches. The rock attempts to go back to sleep but is awoken by the noise of lots of people cutting and building. He covers his ears to block out the noise and when this doesn't work he gets up and walks into a forest where he finds some moss on the side of a cliff which he uses as a pillow. A rope suddenly appears around his nose
The rock is woken up and bothered by a man cutting down the tree growing from the grass on top of his head. Then, there are a bunch of men building up buildings and the rock is so bothered by the racket, he gets up using legs made of the roots of the tree. He walks into the forest where he finds a place to rest using bushes as pillows. Just as he lays his head down to rest, a rope is tied around his nose. 
a person chops a tree down on top of the rock, someone's legs walks past the rock, then more people are seen chopping wood with axes, the rock gets up from the ground, and walks into a forest, then he touches some leaves which are on a huge rock, the rock then falls on top of the huge rock like he's going to sleep, then a rope gets thrown onto the rocks nose. 
The rock that was a mountain before just got women up by humanity. It doesnt seem to care though and finds a new place to sleep
There was a human that cut down a tree that was growing on the rock, this disturbed the rock, it showed a scene of people busy with construction near the rock. This disturbed the rock so it got up and moved away and tried to fall asleep again. Someone threw a rope over the rocks nose.
The rock is awoken by a man hacking down a tree on the rocks head.  The rock tries to go back to sleep but their is now construction work happening next to him.  He pulls himself out the ground and finds an alternative spot in the forest.  He collapses against a rockface and falls back to sleep.
A man chops down a tree that has grown on the rock. This wakes the rock up. With the noise of people building something, the rock heaves himself out of the ground. He is clearly very tired and wants to go back to sleep. He pushes himself off to a cave to fall asleep again.
The Rock's slumbers are disturbed by what looks like a group of pioneers chopping down trees to make a settlement. The Rock manages to extricate himself, and tries to resume his slumbers, but just when he is about to go back to sleep, a rope is thrown around him, presumably by one of the aforementioned settlers.
The rock seems to be upset and looks smaller. He stands up and moves to another place and sleeps. But a rope is then tied to his nose
A man is chopping down a tree on top of the rock.  He gets off, and some other men are chopping wood and making a lot of noise.  It bothers the rock, so he uproots himself and walks to another area.  He makes a pillow and tries to go to sleep.  Then a rope gets put around his nose.
The rock lays to have a rest, but woodcutters come along to cut logs the rock wakes up looking very tired. and moves to another spot where he can have a rest and all of a sudden a rope get thrown over his nose. 
A man chops down the tree that is on top of the rock. Then there are more people chopping down trees round him. The rock gets annoyed and gets up and walks into the forest and lays beside a bigger rock and goes to sleep. A rope then appears around the rocks nose.
The axeman chops down the tree on the back of the rock and exits the stage. The rock is somewhat disturbed but starts to fall asleep again. Subsequently it re-awakes to find a group of people chopping and processing wood to build structures, and clearly finds it disturbing, so pullys itself out of the ground and walks out of the scene to a quiet woodland and drops by a tree stump to sleep again. Just as it sleeps a noose appears on the nose of the rock.
a man jumps on top of the rock and chops the tree down which is growing above the rock. some other men arrive and start chopping up the tree right next to rock, making a lot of noise. The rock is upset by this and decides to uproot itself and walks away from the scene. it rests against the side of a hill and falls asleep.
A man came to cut a tree that was on top of the rock , making some loud noises disturbing the rock. It then decided to move away to a place  that was a bit more peaceful..
the rocks slumber is disturbed by humans. So it up and moves iinto nature. suddnly a rope lassos its nose.
The rock is rudely awoken from its slumber by the woodcutter chopping down the tree atop it. After the tree is felled, the rock once again falls sleep. It is awaken woken by the sound of more chopping, as a group of men chop down a forest nearby. It pulls itself up to find a quieter resting place next to another rock. As it lies down and closes its eyes, it is again woken, this time by a lasso on the nose.
A group of people were cutting wood on top of an animal without knowing , when they turned back, the animal lefts with wood scratches on its back, it was terrible.
