The most recent part was just blank and nothing happened? But before that the rock went into space as part of a satellite, then crashed and became a mountain again over time. 
nothing, the movie ended
The rock is taken by two astronauts who bring it up in a rocket to space. The rock is dropped and grows back into a big mountain that it used to be.
There was no video clip played !!!
I've not idea as it just came straight to this page without playing anymore of the film!
Nothing, it was a one second clip of a black screen.
It is implied the plot has re-started.
the screen was black you didnt miss anything
The rock, now after his voyage in space has crashed into a new planet and started life again in the same way as a giant mountain and the cycle continues.
It turns out he was made into a glass lens for a space telescope. He was not attached to a rocket, which was launched into space, where he was displaying great images until the telescope crashed into some space debris, such as an asteroid, then crashed into the Moon, or another planet, where he has awoken as a mountain top again.
Sadly there was no segment to watch after it landed on the other planet and woke up as it's self. I presume it was all a dream.
The screen fades to black. 
Nothing happened, the screen went black.
The lense was placed into a satellite, shot off into space, he collided with a space rock, landed on another planet, he seems large again, mountanous, even though he was only tiny, I think he has gone full circle
The Rock was put into a rocket and sent up to space as a satellite.. However, it crash landed back on Earth dramatically changing the environment. The Rock became part of the new, bigger environment, which included hills and a lake. That was the end.
Nothing happened in this segment
There was no clip, it went straight to this section.
You didn't miss anything. Nothing happened.
The screen went blank and nothing appeared for this segment.
The ending was black.
Nothing happened, the rock finally found respite on another planet after the failed space launch and let out a huge sigh of exhaustion after which the screen went black.
No video was played. The film may have ended
There wasn't a segment, but the rock crashed on a planet and the terrain evolved over time. Then the rock was a big mountain again. And he happily fell asleep
No new segment played for me to describe.
Nothing happened, I think the movie was over so you didn't miss anything. The last thing I saw was him on a new planet, starting all over again as a mountain.
it al l went back
The rock is now part of a space ship which crashes on another planet. It then begins the cycle all over again. 
In the last segment, nothing happened - did the video not load properly? The last bit I saw was the rock on the planet in space falling asleep...
After the rock was turned into the flat shaped glass it was used as a window as part of a space craft. The space craft was melted in the atmosphere and the glass-turned rock was also. It then ended up becoming a mountain sized rock as it initially was but on an entirely different planet.
In this clip we find out that he's actually been fashioned in to a lens for a space telescope, which is sent in to space.  While in space there is a malfunction and he he is jettisoned out in to the void where he eventually crashes on to a moon of another planet.  Many eons pass and after much upheaval he is once more again a mighty rock. 
