the little piece of rock is swept by a street sweeper into the sea. The little rock piece thinks it is finally time for rest. Not really. Some soil extraction work is taking place and little rock person is going straight to furnace.  
The rock is swept by a bin man over a cliff edge. The rock one again tries to get some rest. However, soon enough a crane with a pickup takes a whole chunk of the ground including the rock and places the contents onto a conveyor belt.
The now very tiny rock is again trying to get a snooze and rearranges another rock to provide a comfortable position to do this.  Just as it is settling down a large digger comes along and digs up the rock along with a lot of sand and it is thrown into a factory?
the little rock got swept on to a beach and tried to get some rest, but then was picked up by a vehicle and transported to a factory with a bunch of other sand rocks, and it is now on a conveyor belt
he got swept of the end of a large piece of concrete onto the beach, and then a big digger came and scooped him up and he was put on the back of a lorry and went through what looked like a mine of some sort and was tipped into lots of other stones and flattened 
Now, just the size of a pebble, the rock is in a quarry where he is further reduced. Landing into a dump truck, the once grand rock is being driven awy.
The rock is looking very battered. He is swept up in sand by a road sweeper and brushed over the edge of the promenade on to a sandy beach. He is very tired and finds a smaller rock for a pillow, then tries to sleep again. He is then picked up by a digger and dropped into a lorry. In a factory he is dropped through a chute onto a moving conveyor belt with lots of other small stones
The rock is dusted off onto the beach. It tries to sleep there amongst the other rocks, but is picked up by an excavator. The rock is dropped onto a conveyor belt.
A small rock was swept onto the beach like trash where it layed down to sleep. It was later picked up by a large machine to be sifted with the sand that was picked up with it.
The Rock got thrown out with the rubbish and ended up swept onto a sandy beach. Then a crane with a bucket came along and got a load of sand including The Rock. The next thing he is in some works somewhere in a pile of sand being transported somewhere.
The rock somehow escapes the truck's engine. He ends up being discarded among other useless rocks. He looks exhausted. All of a sudden, a crane picks him and the surrounding rocks up. He is lifted in the air. He is taken to a factory setting to be used again.
The rock gets swept up by the street sweeper and lands on the beach after being ejected from the dust pan. The rock lands on some debris and tries once again to get back to sleep. Just as he is comfortable, a construction drop scoop picks it up with a large scoop of the beach material. The dirt and debris are emptied into a rail cart in some kind of factory. The cart empties the load onto a conveyor belt and is headed towards machinery. 
the rock is swept by a man brushing the street. He brushes him on to the beach where the little rock again attempts to have some sleep. A crane then lifts the rock and puts him on the back of a big lorry
A man sweeps up the rock with a bunch of other small rock pieces and sand. The man sweeps the rock off a jetty where he lands with a bunch of other rocks in the sand next to the water. The rock again settles his head down on a smaller rock to rest. A construction crane comes along and scoops the rock up along with other smaller rocks and sand. He is transported to a factory and spit out on a conveyor belt. 
the rock is in a pile of dirt on the floor, and is being brushed away by a person, then the person brushes the dirt on the floor off a cliff, the rock climbs onto a pile of rocks and grabs one of the rocks and rests its face on it, then a crane grabs the pile of rocks, and dumps it into a truck full of sand, the pile of sand is then seen in a factory and is in a cart, the sand is then spilled onto a machine that is moving forward, the rock is then seen on top of other rocks being pushed forwards while looking scared
the rock after becoming sand is put on the beach where he tries to sleep again. But of course not for long as construction picks him up and how hes being turned to glass
After the rock was broken down into a piece of sand it was swept off a ledge. The rock was scooped up by an excavator and transported to a factory where it took a ride on a conveyor belt.
The rock lands in a pile of rubble. It is collected and dumped onto a conveyer belt
The rock, which is by now the size of a grain of sand is swept up and deposited on the beach. Finding a tiny shell he tries to get some sleep again, but is scooped up by a giant industrial digger, and put on a conveyor belt in what looks to be a big smelting plant or industrial furnace.
The Rock is now no bigger than a grain of sand. It is then swept onto a beach where, just as he thinks he might finally get some rest, he (and lots of other sand grains) is scooped up and transported to an industrial facility where he is, presumably, going to be turned into something
After being crushed the rock wonders and was dig up by an excavator. 
The rock is a tiny pebble and gets swept by a man onto the beach.  A piece of machinery scoops up a load of sand, with the rock inside, and takes it to a factory.  Now the rock sand is on a conveyor belt.
The rock gets swepped up to the beach by a broom and finally feels that he has a resting spot after looking sad he attempts to make a bed so he can rest. but is suddenly picked up by a digger and loaded onto the back of a lorry. which is then taken to some sort of factory area and dumped onto a conveyor belt, and it looks like he's about to be taken to somewhere hot.
A man sweeps up some dust containing the rock and sweeps it onto the shore. A digger the scoops up the rock and puts it in the back of a truck. the rock is now moving along a conveyor belt
The rock - now a grain of sand is swept up by a street cleaner onto a sandy beach. It clambers amongst the sand grains and tries to make itself comfortable to sleep. that sand is then collected by a crane and deposited into a truck where it is taken for processing. The rock is then poured onto, and carried along a conveyor belt
the rock is thrown into the street and is kicked about. the rock is transported through a machine with a conveyor belt. he moves along the conveyor belt, ready for processeing.
After surviving that gruesome ordeal, the rock found itself in a place that looked like a factory.
the rock is swept onto a beach. It tries to sleep only to bee woken by a crane picking it up a dropping it on a conveyor belt.
The tiny rock is over the edge of the dock into the sediment below. It climbs to the top of the pile, and lies down to rest. It is then awoken as the large crane pulls a shovelful of sand, and is dropped into the truck. They are then poured onto a conveyor belt...
A man swept waste food on the back of a truck and not know a small animal saw the food and was feasting on it , without knowing it was on a truck , then the truck moved away.
