I think a crocodile will pop up out of the water and shock the animals.
A crocodile will attack and the buffalo will panic and run.
I think that the shape in the water will emerge and be shown to be a crocodile that takes a snap at one of the water buffalo.
the thing will turn out to be neither a log or an alligator, and the wildebeasts will be surprised.
the buffalo will get eaten by the alligator
I think the gator will move and startle one of the bison.
I think the cows will test whether its a log or a crocodile.
One of the cows will try to step onto the log/crocodile.
The cows will turn their backs and the crocodile will pop up from the water
I think the animals will try to poke the rock in the water to see what it is.
The second clow will shake his head again in response to the first cow's suggestion of what the item in the water is.
The second cow will nod his head in response to the suggestion that it's a log.
I think the cows will continue to argue over what is in the water.
The object in the water will move and they will find out it is a crocodile.
One of the wilderbeasts will be eaten by an alligator.
One of them will enter the river to check what it is
The object in the water will turn out to be a crocodile and will frighten the wildebeests.
I think one of the moose, will try to touch the aligator/log with their foot
I think they'll continue deliberating, and eventually one of them will test out what they think the object is.
Another bull will get a log into the water.
I think the other cow, or what it was, will again say that it is an alligator. Then, the other cow will repeat that it is a log.
I think an alligator will pop its head out of the water.
I think the animals will poke the object with their hooves.
I think the one animal that thinks it is a log will try to step on it.
The crocodile will raise it's head out of the water.
The one who thinks it is a log will enter the water and get a surprise.
The crocodile will emerge from the water and scare off the herd.
I think the buffalo will get attacked by the crocodile.
The ox will poke the thing in the water to see what it is.
I think the animals will continue to disagree with what they saw in the water.
I think the alligator will jump out of the water and eat one of the animals.
I think that the alligator will swim away.
Both the animals will argue or discuss what to do next
an alligator comes up out of the water
I think the 2 characters on the river bank will continue to argue about what that is in the water.
I think one of the characters on the river bank will enter the water and/or test the floating object.
I think the thing in the water will reveal itself.
I think the creatures will try tapping the thing in the water and something hilarious will happen.
The log looking think will pop up and be an animal and scare the two creatures.
The two characters will poke at the unknown object.
it will down on the lake.
It turns out the thing in the water IS an alligator/crocodile and it eats one of the animals.
The animals will enter the water.
The crocodile will attack one of the other animals.
An alligator will eat one of the buffalo
An alligator won't eat a buffalo.
The buffalo will find a party hat.
The bulls will fight
COWS WILL TALK.
I think the object is going to lift it's head out of the water with mouth wide open and show that it is actually an alligator.
I think an alligator will lounge at one of the water buffalos.
I think the thing in the water will move.
one of them will fall down to the bottom
The cows may try to test and see what's in the water by taking a small step into the water.
The crocodile will pop up proving the first sheep right.
The second sheep will jump in to prove it is a log.
The alligator will snap towards the cows, startling them.
The buffalo will try and cross
The moose will try nudging the floating piece to determine what it is.
The water buffalo will get a stick or something to touch whatever is in the water to find out what it is.
They will see a fish in the water.
The animals will enter the water and attempt to eat the gator.
The animal will stick his hoof in the water to tap the thing to find out what it is.
Another animal will guess what the thing in the water is.
Something else will come out of the water instead.
They will test to see if it's either a log or crocodile.
The animals will continue to disagree with each other about what the object is.
I think it is either a turtle or an alligator and it will pop up its head out of the water.
I think that a crocodile will come out
There is an alligator in the lake. It will attack the animals.
The alligator will jump out of the water.
The thing that looks like a log is an alligator and will try and eat the wildabeast
I think that one of them will walk into the water to see what it is.
the alligator jumps out of the water
They will keep waiting to see what appears.
One buffalo steps on to the object in the water and the other buffalo gets eaten.
The two wild animals will keep guessing until whatever is in the lake finally appears.
The wildebeest will stick his hoof in.
The two characters that are on dry land are going to try to catch the character inside the water.
The characters are going to try to look for a log of wood.
They will look for the alligator
An alligator will jump out and grab one of them.
The animals will see an alligator pop out of the water.
alligator is coming or not
I think the crocodile would attempt to attack the cows.
I think a gator or crocodile will come out of the water.
A crocodile will pop out of the water.
It's another creature entirely and will pop out of the water.
The crocodile will appear in the water in front of the animals.
the cow will jump in the water.
I think that the object in the water will spring to life as a crocodile and eat the animals on the shoreline.
They will try to jump onto the thing in the water.
The oxen will argue over whether it's an gator or a log.
I think one of the sheep will poke the log/alligator in the water to see what happens
I think the sheep will go into the water.
An alligator will eat a bison.
I think a crocodile will pop it's head out of the water and smile.
I think the alligator in the water will come up out of the water.
I think something will come out of the water and end up being something other than the alligator or log.
The will argue some more then it will be a crocodile
They are going to keep arguing until one convinces the other to poke it.
I think they will try to use their head to poke it and jump back to see what happens.
The one with the stick will be the one who will need to do the poking since he thinks it's only a log.
I think the alligator will rise and scare them.
I think that the cow will try to touch it.
I think the item in the water will move, showing the water buffalo what it is.
Something will pop out of the puddle/lake/pond and scare the cows.
Something will push the cows into the pond.
Something will crash into the pond and splash the cows.
The alligator will pop out and attack the buffalo.
the croc's head will emerge from the water and try to bite one of them
The other bison will "suggest" what they think the thing in the water is.
I think the animals will stay where they are because they are unsure what is in the water.
I think they might test to see if its a log in the water and jump on it.
I think one of the cows will hit the thing in the water.
I guess the thing is an alligator and takes down the cow that thought it was a log.
I think an alligator will pop out of the water and scare the sheep.
The buffalo will get into the water.
something will come out of the water. probably a crocodile
I forgot the name of those animals on land, but I think one of them is going to try to touch the crocodile in the water and it will get eaten.
I think the two main characters will continue to argue over whether the object in the pond is an alligator or log.
I think while they are arguing the object will reveal itself to be an alligator in some fashion.
Something is going to jump out of the water at the buffalo.
They will say one of them should try it and see if its crocodile or log of wood.
The animals will keep guessing what that thing is.
The alligator will lift his/her head and try to attack the animals.
The animal will touch the thing that it thinks is a log
I think they will continue to try to guess what it is in the water.
I think the thing in the water is going to lift its head and tell them he is an alligator.
I think one of them is going to reach its foot out to tap it to see what it is.
The bulls will jump onto the "log" and an alligator will be revealed.
I predict that one of the horned animals will try to step on the crocodile/log
I think the gator will move.
I think the object is a crocodile and it is going to jump out of the water and snatch a water buffalo.
I think it is an alligator and it's going to jump up and try to eat one of the animals.
an alligator will take one of the animals into the water.
They will try and cross the water.
the cows will start to argue over whether it is a crocodile or a log
An alligator will come out of the water.
I think the object will be something that will come from the lake and eat the at least one of the oxen.
An alligator will lunge out of the water.
The two moose will walk into the water to tap the log/gator
The mooses will continue to debate what the object in the water is.
The gator will pick its head up above the water
The alligator is going to pop out of the water
I think one of the cows will step on the crocodile/log.
The cows will argue more about if the thing in the water is a log or an alligator.
I think they will continue to guess what else is in the water
In the next 30 seconds I think a bird will fly and land on the water.
The cow will poke the head of the crocodile.
I think the crocodile will grab one of them animals on the bank.
An alligator jumps out of the water and eats them.
I think an alligator will pop up.
A crocodile will jump out of the water and grab the animal who thought it was a log
The buffalo goes into the water and gets eaten by the alligator
The alligator will show it's head out of the water.
the cows will argue back and forth about what's in the water
The buffalo will throw something into the water to see what the object is.
The buffalo will jump into the water to see what the object is.
The cows will leave.
An alligator will pop up and surprise the animals.
The bull that thinks it's a log will walk on the thing and get eaten.
I think a crocodile will pop out of the water and eat the moose
I think the moose will drink the water
I think the alligator will open its jaws wide.
I think the alligator will pop up out of the water.
I think the animals will continue thinking about something in the thought bubble.
I think that one of the bulls is going to let out a loud noise.
an alligator will jump out of the water
the cows will see a log float on the water
an alligator will scare them
the cows will be eaten by the alligator
the cows will run away
I think that it is an alligator, and that it will rise up and scare them away.
The crocodile will eat the wildebeast
I think the animals will try to come up with a bridge to get across the water.
An alligator will appear and grab the water buffalo who guessed incorrectly that it was a log.
An alligator will jump up from the water.
I think the wildebeest will find out if the object is a crocodile or a log.
I think the object will have eyes come out of the water, revealing that it is a crocodile.
I think the wildebeest will try to interact with the object to find out what it is, like poke it or jump on it.
I think an alligator will pop up and chase the bulls.
I think the object in the water will move
I don't think the moose will cross over the river.
The second animal will attempt to nudge the lump in the water.
I think it is a crocodile and it is going to open his mouth wide and scare the animals
I think one of the moose will try to step on the log/alligator.
I think the alligator / log will rise out of the water and we will find out what it is
The alligator will open its mouth and try to bite them
I think the cows will try to use a log to cross the water safely.
The buffalo who thinks its a log will go in the water.
Both buffalo will go in the water.
I think that the animals will move closer towards the water to closely inspect the the object.
The animal that thinks it's a log will drink and get bitten
Crocodile is going to pop it's head up.
The buffalo will try to drink water.
I think they animals will continue to look at the log and a crocodile will come in from the side and snap at them.
The "log" moves suddenly, confirming the suspicion that is it actually a crocodile.
I think the object in the water is not an alligator or log. It will pop up out of the water and surprise the animals.
I think the guy who guessed 'log' will look away and then the crocodile will look up from the water
The alligator/crocodile will make it's appearance and the other animals will be scared.
I think that one of them will go in the water to touch the alligator/log.
One of the Ox will dip its foot into the water while the other stares intently. The floating object will open one eye to watch them. The ox will think it is safe and jump onto the log and surprises the alligator.
they will throw something at the log or test it somehow to make sure it's not a crocodile
A crocodile will swim up and they will scarper
I think they will try and see what is in the water.
I think theyre gonna talk about if it is a crocodile or a log and try to find out which one it is.
I think the moose will drink from the lake and make eye contact with the aligator.
The object in the water will be revealed to not be a crocodile or log.
The cow checks the thing to see what it is
one rhino will attempt to use the object that is seen in the water to try and cross the river.
I think an alligator will come out of the water.
The cows will try and step onto the crocodile to get across
I think it's an animal that you wouldn't expect.
The two bison will continue fighting about what it is, and then one will enter the water in some way, revealing what the thing in the water is.
