hopefully the slob gets killed by this car. His shoes fly off and end up hanging from the wires above
The man will be hit by the car and be hurt badly.
The guy will be hit by a car.
He gets hit by the car and flies over the windshield.
The man will get hit by the car as he is not paying attention.
The car will brake suddenly, avoiding hitting the guy. Then he will continue following and mocking the girl
I think the person will be hit by the car.
I think the person will get up on the car.
I think the person will dodge getting hit by the car.
I think the driver of the car will yell and / or get out of the car and somehow interact with the guy.
After the man is struck by the car the young lady will run over to console him.
The man will get hit by the car and someone will remove his shoes as he lay on the ground.
He gets hit by the car
He ends up injured.
He jumps and dances on the hood of the car.
Someone steals his shoes.
The car stops before it hits the man scaring him
The car hits the man and he goes flying and lands by the girl who tends to his injuries
The man will get hit by the car and fall to the floor.
I think the car will hit the guy.
The man will get hit and the woman will come to help him.
He gets lightly hit by the car and goes over the hood.
The girl goes to help him out.
The car applied break on time and didn't hit the man
The man will get hit by the car and the lady will run to his aid.
The man will get hit by a car and the woman will do the same mockingly
The man will get hit by a car.
The guy gets hit by the car and the girl runs over.
The guy jumps out of the way of the car at the last second.
The man will get hit by the car, shocking the woman.
He will be hit by the car and smash into its windshield sadly ending the fun of dancing along the sidewalk in unison with the woman across the street.
He will be hit by the car.
The man will get hit by the car.
The man will get hit by the car and the woman will fall over also.
the guy is getting hit
the women will pretend she is getting hit
The man will get hit by the car and his shoe(s) will come off
He will get hit by the car but get back up.
The car will stop just short of hitting him.
He will be hit and hurt by the car.
He gets hit by the car and killed for not concentrating when crossing the road
I think he will dodge the car and continue doing dances with the woman and they will eventually start dancing together.
He will get hit by the car and the woman will run over and they will try to make sure he is okay.
The man will not get hit by the car.
