Ruth was on the sixth floor when she saw Keith covered in blood while dragging Patrick's mutilated body down the stairs. She was shocked and she fell down from the stairs and hit her head on the floor. Keith was very careful not to step on her blood in his quest to dispose off Patrick's body. Sarah on the other hand felt its been past hour since she saw Patrick, so, in a bid to see him, she picked up some files to take to his office, so as to see him.
As Ruth climbs the stairs, she sees Keith dragging Patrick's body down the stairs and faints, falling down the stairs, and (presumably) dies. Keith continues to drag Patrick's body down the stairs. Meanwhile Sarah decides to come up to the 6th floor to see Patrick.
Reynolds decides to take Patricks body down the stairs , enroute he bumps into Ruth , who on seeing patricks dead body faints and falls down the stairs, probably breaking her neck. Sandra is missing Patrick and looks like she is about to take the stairs to go see him.
As Keith is dragging Patricks body down the stair Ruth bumps in to them and feints in shock, falling down the stairs and dying!nnMeanwhile Sarah is missing Patrick so decides to take some files up to his office as an excuse to see him again.
Keith is dragging down the body of the guy he has murdered down the stairs. Ruth wants to use the toliet that is on the seventh floor and decides to walk it. When she sees Keith dragging the body down she fainted and most likely died. Keith made sure to watch where he was stepping and avoided the Ruth's blood. Sara has thought it has been some time since she has seen that guy and was going to pay him a visit to his office. 
The lady walking up the stairs sees Keith carrying the bloodied and mutilated body of patrick down the stairs.  She is shocked, he eyes roll back in her head and she falls backwards down the stairs.  Meanwhile Sarah needs to take some files upstairs
Ruth ended up bumped into Keith as he dragged the bod of Patrick down the stairs. After seeing this Ruth collapsed and fell down the stairs and died from he injuries. Sarah is missing Patrick so she decides to takes some files upstairs.
Keith murdered Patrick in the elevator, but doesn't want to carry his body downstairs using the elevator, in case someone sees him. He decided to drag Patrick's body down the stairs. While dragging Patrick's body down the stairs, Ruth from accounting, had decided to use the bathroom, but she only liked the one on the 6th floor. As Ruth was going up the stairs, she saw Keith dragging Patrick's body down the stairs. Ruth falls down the stairs. I think she broke her neck. Ruth died. Right before you woke up, Sarah was all hot and bothered, feigning for Keith, and decided to take her hot and bothered toosh to his office, not knowing he was already burning in the pits of hell, I assume that's where he went.   
Keith dragged the body down the stairs but the lady was coming up to use the toilet she seen Keith with the body and fainted and fell to the bottom of the stairs. Patrick carried on dragging him. Meanwhile up a floor sarah is missing the man she kissed so she thought she would take some paperwork to his office so she could see him
Keith is dragging the body down the stairs and the woman walking up the stairs sees him dragging Patricks dead body. She faints and falls down the stairs, seemingly hits her head, maybe killing herself it is unclear. Keith carries on dragging Patricks body down the stairs. The woman who Keith likes, Sarah I think, is thinking about taking some files upstairs to Patricks office so she can see him.
keith drags a dead patick down the stairs and passes ruth who faints at the sight of the dead body and falls down the stairs and is now also dead,keith carries on dragging patrick down the stairs being careful not to step into any of ruths blood,it then goes back to sarah who then decides to take some files to patrick
As Keith is dragging Patrick down the stairs, he crosses paths with the other woman employee and when she notices what is happening she faints and falls down the stairs. It is not known if she is dead or alive, but the narrator mentions that she is covered with blood of her own. The girl who the men have a crush on then decides to head up to Patrick's office to give him some files.
Ruth goes up to find patrick dead and all blood was everywhere. She is in shock to see Keith in this position and falls down the stairs which was an accident. Keith avoids her body and moves forward dragging patrick. While Sara thinks about patrick and goes up to his office to see him.
Keith and Patrick get into a fist fight and Keith kills Patrick. He wants to hide the body, and decides to take him up to the 7th floor by the stairwell. Another employee Ruth is also heading up the stairwell and comes across bloodied Keith and accidently falls down the stairs. Sarah has decided to come up and see Patrick at his 6th floor office.
Keith decides to take the stairs to try and hide the body until he knows what to do with it. As he's headed down the stairs, he runs into Ruth who was going up the stairs. When she spots them she falls down the stairs in shock and also dies. At this moment Sarah is thinking of taking some files up to Patrick's office.
Keith was caught trying to sneak Patrick's mutilated corpse out of the building.
Keith has killed Patrick and is dragging his body downstairs. Meanwhile, Ruth from the basement is walking upstairs to use the bathroom that she prefers with the nice soap dispenser. She encounters Keith, sees the body, faints and falls down and break her neck, also dying. Remorseless, Keith continues down avoiding Ruth's body.  
Ruth seeing Keith Reynold in pool of blood and dragging the dead body of Patrick, felt shock and fell off the stairs and died. Sara on the other hand wanting to see Patrick again decided to take some file to his office.
While dragging Patrick Campbells body down the stars, the lady coming up the stairs sees the body and faints.  She falls down the stairs as a result.  Sarah gathers files and goes up to see Keith.
Keith is dragging dead Keith on stairs going down from seventh floor. He came across Ruth who fells and hurt herself or dies. Sara wants to take some files upstairs
Keith punches Patrick in the lift and kills him. At the same time Ruth wants to use the bathroom on the seventh floor and takes the stairs because of her new years resolution. Keith decides to take Patrick's body home but goes via the stairs so he doesn't get caught. Keith and Ruth are about to meet on the stairs
Keith heads down the stairs and the girl going up meets him on the way to the toilet. She faints and falls down the stairs in response to seeing patrick's mutilated and bloody body. Keith continues his way down avoiding the blood of the lady. Sarah, missing patrick, decides to take some files up to his office.
Ruthy, walking up the stairs, see Keith dragging corpse down stairs.  She faints and falls.  Blood flows from her but we don't definitely know if she's dead or alive.  Sarah desides to take files to her BF, Pat.
Ruth has reached the sixth floor and sees Keith covered in blood dragging Patricks body down the stairs. Ruth's eyes roll back in her head and she faints and falls down the stairs. Keith is sorry for this as it's a genuine accident. He makes sure that he doesn't step in any of her blood as he drags Patrick down the stairs. A few floors down Sarah is filing files and realises that she hasn't seen Patrick for a while. She decides to take some files up to his office as an excuse to see him. 
Ruth sees Keith on the stairs, he was covered in blood and dragging Patrick's body down the stairs. She faints at the realization of what had just happened. Keith continues his way down carefully trying not to step on any of Ruth's blood on his way down. Sarah feels like its been ages since she last saw Patrick so she decides t take some files up to his office as an excuse to see him.
Ruth sees Keith dragging Patrick's body down the stairs and faints. This leads to her falling down the stairs and possibly breaking her neck. Meanwhile, Sarah wants to see Patrick again, and so collects some files to take to him.
Patrick and Keith have an argument and then start fighting. Keith dominates Patrick and ends up killing him with a final blow to Patrick's face with his briefcase. Keith thinks about what to do with the body and the blood on his shirt. He decides to drag the body out of the elevator and take it down the stairs. Ruth who is also taking the stairs comes across Keith and the mutilated body of Patrick. When she sees this, she faints and hits her head on the floor which results in her death. Sarah also wants to go up to Keith's office since she hasn't seen him for a while.
Ruth finally meets Keith on the stairs, where she faints as she sees patrick's dead body being dragged. Sarah down on the fouth floor feels like visiting Patrick, not knowing that he is now dead, and she, like ruth, is about to take the stairs. 
Keith began fighting with Patrick quite roughly and it turned bloody and violent. Caught up in emotion Keith has killed Patrick and spur of the moment considers taking his body home while he decides what to do with it. To avoid attention he decides to take the body with him down the stairs. However a fellow colleague Ruth is also taking the stairs. She sees the two men one carrying a body and naturally faints falling backwards hurting herself. Sarah is missing Patrick and is about to visit his office
Ruth from accounting is on the sixth floor and begins climbing the stairs up to the seventh floor, where she sees Keith moving Patrick's body. Her shock causes her to fall down the stairs. Sarah begins to bring some files up to Patrick's office as an excuse to see him again.
