Ruth decides to use the stairs to go to the toilets on the 7th floor as part of her new years resolution.nKeith decides to take Patricks body home until he can decide what to do with it. Keith also decides to use the stairs to take Patricks body down to his car.nRuth is thinking about going home, and when she reaches the 6th floor, she sees Keith holding Patricks mutilated body being carried down the stairs.
Keith tries to drag the green mans mutilated body from the elevator while Ruth makes her way upstairs, She made it to the 6th floor when she sees Keith dragging the green mans dead body down the stairs. Ruth's eyes rolled back in her head and she passes out down the stairs.
The Green woman want to visit the toilet and her favourite one is on the 7th flllor due to the soap dispensor. They take the Stairs. AS the Voice over continues to expact that Keith is taking Patrick body home wiith him via the stairs as he does not want to be found in the lift with him. Part with down he meet the Green woman
Ruth Charles from accounts needs the toilet.nShe takes the stairs.  Keith is dragging the body down the stairs to avoid the lift.  They cross paths (Keith is covered in blood). 
Ruth has decided to take the stairs so does not get the lift. Keith has decided to take the body of Patrick home to cover up the death but the elevator and he are covered in blood. He begins to drag the body downstairs just as Ruth is heading up and sees him
Ruth Charles took the stairs to get to the bathroom.  She sees Keith dragging Patrick's dead body.  Ruth's eyes roll in the back of her head and she falls over.
The lady takes the stairs up. But The blue guy takes the stairs too, to avoid being seen in the elevator, so they meet on the 6th floor and the lady passes out. 
Keith decides that he has to dispose of Patricks body to gain some time, he does not want to take the elevator downstairs or else he will be caught red handed. He decides to carry Patrick downstairs via the stairs. At the same time Sarah is walking up the stairs and meets them on the 6th floor. She sees Patricks body and her eyes roll to the back of her head and she faints.
Keith gets Patricks body out the lift to take it down the stairs but is seen by Ruth Reynolds who is going to the toilet on the 7th floor. She faints
Keith is trying to dispose of the dead body of Patrick by taking it down the stairs. He runs into Ruth who was going upstairs to use the bathroom. Ruth faints at the sight.
Ruth begins to walk up the stairs to reach the toilet on the seventh floor. Meanwhile Patrick begins to take keiths body down the stairs so he can take the body home. Keith is caught red handed covered in blood and carrying patricks body. Ruth faints and falls down the stairs.
Keith Killed Patrick, After the kissing scene between Patrick and the girl Keith is crushing on, Patrick went inside the elevator with Keith, and he was starting at Patrick on the reflection mirror, The elevator stopped and as Patrick was about to step out, Keith said some nasty word to Patrick and Patrick turned and started hitting Keith, but Keith hit back and killed Patrick, He than thought of taking his body with him by using the stairs but on his way down he met up with a lady who wanted to use the bathroom on the top floor, the lady saw all the blood and the dead body, lady collapsed.
After he killed patrick he wanted to clean up the mess so he decided to take him down the stair so no one would see. The lasy was walking up the stairs at the same time and when she noticed the body she fainted.
Ruth caught Keith dragging Paul's dead body across the stairs and she fainted
Keith Reynolds kills his coworker in a fit of rage. He decides to take the body by way of the stairs but then another coworker sees him and faints. 
Having Killed Patrick, keith Reynolds realises he has to take the body home to dispose of it properly. He thinks if he takes the stairs rather than the elevator there is less chance of being seen. However a worker called Ruth decides to take the stairs to level seven to use the bathroom there as it has nicer soap dispensers. Ruth and Keith meet at the sixth floor where the sight of poop mutilated Patrick causes her to faint.
Keith has murdered Patrick , he takes him home to dispose of his body , he decides to take the stairs instead of the lift. A colleague eyes then go to the back of her head and she faints
Keith ends up fighting and killing Patrick. then decides to take Patrick home to dispose of the body. He takes the stairs only to be discovered by Ruth who is taking the stairs to get to the bathroom.
Ruth Charles catches Keith dragging Patrick down the stairs and faints. 
Keith tries to hide Patrick's body by taking him down the stairs but Ruth is coming up the stairs to go to the toilet, she faints when she sees the blood and that Patrick is dead.
Keith has killed the coworker Patrick and has been discovered dragging his body downstairs by other female colleague
When Patrick leaves the lifts on the 6th floor Keith says 3 words to him which makes Patrick turn around and walk up to him. Keith apologises but it isn't enough. Patrick hits Keith and Keith hits him back and over powers him. Patrick is on the floor and Keith gets on top of him and gets his bag and smashes it on Patrick killing him. He doesn't know what to do so decides to take him home so he has time to plan. nRuth Charles is now getting the stairs upstairs as she also would like to go home. She decides not to get a lift and as she walks up she see's Keith pulling Patricks body down the lift and passes out on site of this.
Ruth is climbing the stairs to the 7th floor to use the washroom. Keith pulls Patrick out of the elevator and starts dragging him down the stairs to get rid of him. Ruth runs into Keith dragging a dead Patrick down the stairs and faints.
Ruth is on the way to the restroom upstairs while Keith is dragging Patrick's body down the stairs so he can get it home and then decide how to dispose of it. Ruth sees Keith covered in blood dragging the body and her eyes roll back in her head and she faints.
Ruth needed the toilet so she started walking up the stairs. Keith tried disposing the body which meant he had to carry in down the stairs which is when Ruth saw Keith which caused her to faint falling down the stairs.
Keith has murdered Patrick in the lift, by attacking him with his fists and then with his briefcase. There is blood inside the lift and over his shirt. Meanwhile, Ruth is heading up the stairs to use the toilet on the 7th floor and as a part of her New years resolution she prefers not to use the lift. Keith decides to drag Patricks mutilated body down the stairs rather than use the lift and get caught red handed, he intends to take Patrick home until he can figure out what to do with him. Ruth sees Keith coming down the stairs with Patricks body.
Ruth decides to take the stairs. Keith starts to move down the stairs with the dead body. Ruth sees him and passes out.
Keith decides to drag Patrick (green guy! name committed to memory now) down the stairs. He bumps into Ruth, who immediately faints about this.
keith has killed patrick in the elevator. Deciding to take Patrick's body to his house while he thinks of what to do next, Keith chooses to take him down the stairs in case someone was to call the elevator. Meanwhile, a female colleague has also chosen to use the stairs and spots keith dragging patrick's body down them. She faints at the sight.
Ruth, the woman who wanted to use the bathroom on the 7th floor, decided to take the stairs instead of the elevator. Patrick also decided to drag Patrick's corpse down the stairs to take him home to dispose of him later. They just met on the stairway. 
Ruth wants to go to the toilet which is on the fourth floor. she decides to take the stairs. Keit does not want to dispose of the body using the elevator so he also uses the stairs. On his way down the stairs he sees Ruth. She sees him with the body and faints.
