While Keith was standing and watching Sarah and Patrick kiss, he had a couple of thoughts in his head of what he would do to Patrick if he was locked up in a room with him. This thought was interrupted by Patrick who told Keith to hold the elevator door for him. While they were locked in, Keith could see confidence in how Patrick look through a shiny reflection of the inside of the elevator.
The elevator doors stayed open as Keith Reynolds watched Patrick Campbell and Sarah kissing. Patrick called to Keith to keep the door open for him. As the elevator ascends, Keith can see Patrick's confident expression in the reflection of the elevator door. As the doors opened, Patrick walked out and Keith called out three 
Kieth Reynolds goes to see his boss, There's another bloke exiting the bosses office as he enters. He thinks he'll get the promotion, but all he gets is a weak handshake. The other bloke got the promotion. Reynolds then gets back in the lift and goes to see Sandra, when the lift doors open the bloke that got the promotion is kissing Sandra and she is reciprocating. The other bloke then gets into the lift with Reynolds and they go up a floor.
Keith sees Patrick fininshing his kiss with Sarah and Patrick enter the lift with keith. As the ride up a couple of floors and Patrick leaves the lift Keith begins to say something.......
Keith is standing in the lift with the doors open seeming to be angry that the cowoker is kissing Sara Now. The doors stay open for an extended period of time and when they stop kissing the guy asks Keith to hold the doors open. Keith feeling upset while he watches the confidence of that guy in the reflections of the lift.
Keith goes up in the lift and as the lift doors open he sees Patrick Campbell kissing Sarah.  Patrick then gets in the lift with Keith and Keith thinks about the 3 words he wants to say to Patrick
After seeing Patrick and Sarah kissing, Patrick got into the elevator with Keith and they went up to a higher floor. He has just said 3 words but we don't know what they are yet as Patrick walks out of the elevator.
Keith was on the elevator. The elevator opened to Sarah and Patrick kissing. Patrick ended up getting on the elevator with Keith. 
Keith looked on as the other 2 were kissing. They stopped and Mr green walked over to the loft and got in it with keith. He looked pleased with himself as he could be seen smiling in the mirror of the lift. They both went up a floor in the lift then got out.
He watches them kiss and says nothing. Then the other guy asks Keith to hold the elevator for him. He does so and they ride together in the elevator, with Keith thinking about what he would like to do to the other guy. He looks at the reflection of the other guy and is about to say something important.
keith renolds continues to look out at the office from the open elevator,patrick still kissing sarah then walks towards the elevator and steps in with keith,they go up to the next floor and patrick steps out
Patrick gets asks Keith to hold the elevator for him. Patrick gets into the elevator with Keith and they go up a few floors before Patrick then gets out of the elevator and Keith continues to stand in the elevator.
Keith Reynolds looks at Sara and Patrick kissing and is sad that his plans have failed. they both use the elevator to go up and he thinks about what he could have done to him. But he exhales out and both reach.
Keith Reynolds did not get the promotion he was hoping to get. Patrick got the promotion and went up to share his good news and a kiss with Sarah the woman on the 4th floor that Keith likes. 
Patrick gets in the elevator with Keith. Keith holds his breath the whole time Patrick is in the elevator. Just as Patrick gets off the elevator Keith says something. We don't know what it is just yet.
Keith saw Patrick kissing Sarah.
Leaving Sarah, Patrick joins a deflated Keith Reynolds in the elevator, asking him to hold the door. They journey upwards and the. door opens Keith is now about tot say something. 
After Keith Reynolds didn't get the promotion, he decided to visit Sara who stays at 4th floor to ask her if she needed some more coffee and also share with her the bad news. On arrival to 4th floor, he saw Mr. Patrick who deprived him of the promotion, kissing and hugging Sara. He was still at the elevator shocked. Then Mr. Patrick asked him to help me hold the door of the elevator so as to join him. So may bad thoughts was going through Keith Reynolds mind while at the elevator.
Patrick Campbell got into the elevator with Keith Reynolds and they moved onto the next floor, with Patrick Campbell uttering three words to keith.
Keith takes the elevator to fourth floor and when the door opens he sees Patrick and Sara kissing. He is shocked. Patrick asks keith to hold the door, he gets in the elevator and then both get upwards. Patrick is standing with his back to Keith.
Someone fell out of a window. Keith did not get the promotion. He goes to tell his crush Sarah to make her some coffee, but he sees her kissing the person who did get the promotion
patrick comes towards keith and asks him to hold the door. In the elevator keith is uncomfortable looking at patrick's reflection in the elevator. As patrick leaves the elevator keith is about to say 3 words that he hasn't said to anyone before
Keith sees Pat and Sarah smoochy-smoochy, then Pat gets in elevator.  They ride to another floor, Pat gets out.
Keith Reynolds was standing in the elevator watching Sarah and Patrick kiss near the coffee machine. The voiceover says that Keith is imagining what he would do to Patrick if he was shut in a small room with him. Sarah and Patrick stop kissing and separate, Patrick asks Keith to hold the elevator. Patrick walks back towards the elevator and blows Sarah a kiss. Sarah blows him a kiss in return. Patrick enters the elevator with Keith and it starts going back up. Keith can see Patrick looking confident in the reflection on the inside of the elevator. When they get to the floor Patrick takes a big exhale and exits the elevator.
As the elevator doors stayed open for unusually long Keith got to witness Sarah and Patrick lock lips that whole time and boy were mouths open, because of this Keith started to have fantasies of possibly harming Patrick. Those fantasies were quickly interrupted by Patrick asking Keith to hold  the elevator door open for him. Keith took a deep breathe as Patrick enter the elevator. Their reflections were looking confidently back at each other from the shiny reflection of the elevator doors. Keith exhales his deep breathe and as he does three word he has never told anyone slip out.
After kissing Sarah, Patrick gets into the elevator with Keith. Keith considers what he would like to do to Patrick. The elevator arrives at the floor above and Patrick gets out.
Keith Reynolds doesn't get the promotion so he makes his way back to his office using the elevator. He looks at himself in the reflection of the elevator mirror, and doesn't know what he's about see will be more devastating than not getting the promotion. When the elevator doors open, Keith sees Patrick Campbell kissing Sarah, which shocks him and leads him to drop his briefcase on the elevator floor. Patrick tells Keith to hold the door open for him. Keith and Patrick both ride the elevator up.
Keith continued to look at Patrick and Sarah, as the elevator door was open. Patrick and Sarah stopped kissing, and he asked Keith to hold the elevator door. They were then both in the elevator and I think it was going up, where Keith was pondering what had just happened. 
Keith has seen patrick and sara his love interest kissing, after missing out on the promotion to him this is almost too much. Patrick asks Keith to hold the lift for him and they stand awkwardly in there together, as Patrick leaves Keith is about to speak
Patrick Campbell asks Keith Reynolds to hold the elevator for him to get inside. Keith sees how elated Patrick is about his promotion and meeting with Sarah.
