Keith is arriving into the office to receive what he thinks hopes will be a promotion. On the way he bumps into a women who he works with and of whom he likes. In an effort to woo her he makes her a coffee regularly, however she always refuses.
Keith Reynolds is the most senior junior business analyst, today is the day he is due for a promotion. He enters a lift and takes it up to the fourth floor. In an attempt to make her spend the rest of her life with him he offers her a cup of coffee but she never takes it.
Keith enters the building and asks the pink man to hold the elevator for him. The pink man obliges and Keith rides the elevator up one floor. During that time, the narrator explains Keith is the most senior Junior business man with 8 years under his belt. Today will be his promotion to Senior business man, a stepping stone to Keith's true goal, impress a pink woman, Sarah, who works on the same floor as him. As Keith steps off, Sarah is bending over sorting some files. Keith, like every morning, makes Sarah a coffee and offers it to her. And like a every morning, she declines.
A man went to his office and on getting there he saw one of the workers he likes and as a gesture he made coffee for her.
Keith Reynolds takes the lift up to his office, expecting that today is the day he'll receive his promotion. He thinks the promotion will make him a successful business man, and will improve his chances of winning over a woman he fancies in the office. He makes the woman a coffee, although she never wants one.
Kieth Reynolds is the most senior junior analyst at the company. He's been waiting for this promotion for a long time. It will put him on the fourth floor of the company, where his crush, Sara, is. He wants to get her to want to spend the rest of his life with him. To try to win her over, he likes to make her a cup of coffee, though she never wants one. 
Keith walks in the door to an office with a couple of people in it that are killing time throwing wads of paper toward a trash can. The narrator is describing Keith, saying that he is the most senior junior exec and it's promotion day. He's hoping to get a promotion so he can finally get a relationship going with the girl he's been infatuated with. Often, Keith will make her a coffee, even though she doesn't want it. He seems to be heading to a meeting about his promotion and having high hopes.
The voiceover explains how he is the most successful junior and is hoping for the promotion today, and then finally Sarah another worker will notice him, he flirts with her every day by getting her a coffee, which she never wants. He is hoping the promotion will make her want him. 
Keith is excited because he has been at his company for 8 years and today he is expecting to receive a promotion. One of his motivations is to try to impress a girl that works in his office. He is very hopeful that she will like him and want to be with him permanently. He often brings her a coffee but she seems very uninterested in him and has given no indication that she is interested in him. He is hoping that a promotion might change her mind.
Keith walks through the reception and into the lift. He takes the lift up to the fourth floor, where he sees Sarah, the object of his affections. He offers to make Sarah a coffee in an attempt to get her attention. 
the voice over explains that keith rynold is the most senior junior in the company so he is expecting the promotion to be his. You see keith get in an elevator with another figure and travel up to another floor where a woman is working. The voiceover explains that keith wants the promotion to impress the woman, sarah, so she will go out with him. He often makes her coffee to get her to like him but she never drinks them
Keith got into the lift and went up to his office. The narrator told us that Keith had been waiting 8 years for promotion and today was promotion day. Keith wanted promotion so that Janet would notice him He often offered to get Janet a coffee which he did today. She refused as she always did.
We meet Keith as he arrives at work. He is the most senior junior executive in the company and wants a promotion. He takes the elevator to the fourth floor as the narrator tells us that he wants this promotion to impress Sarah, who is there on the fourth floor as he arrives. The narrator tells us that Keith often makes Sarah a cup of coffee to be nice, but Sarah never wants it.
Keith rides up an elevator to the floor where his love interest, Sarah, is working. He offers her a coffee but is turned down. While this sequence plays out, a narrator is describing the events.
Keith Reynolds walked to his office, he is the senior analyst of the building. Reynolds has initiated several failed attempts to start a relationship with a woman in the building.
Keith was excited to get his promotion so heads up quickly to the elevator . He reaches to this office floor and bumps into Sarah a coworker he's trying to impress once he gets promoted. Sarah is bent over at a filling cabinet and trying to get Keith's attention. Keith gives Sarah a cup of coffee in which she's not interested in drinking.
Once Renolds gets into the building he goes up an elevator. The view is interesting because its like a section cut through his building. We can see the different floors and the people at each level as he goes up. He reaches the floor where his love interest is. She seems to want his attention by the way she is posing at the office. He makes her a coffee and even though she doesnt really like coffee she still takes it. She apparently wants to spend the rest of her life with him too. If Renolds gets this promotion today itll help him impress her even more. 
Keith Reynolds was awaiting on his promotion today, and this means that his co-worker, Sarah will finally look up to him, as he likes her. He makes her a cup of coffee everyday, but she never wants one.
Keith went up to the 4th floor where the lady was doing some filing. Keith wanted to get together with her so he offered to make her a coffee, which he often does, but as usual she never wants one.
Keith enters the lift and gets off on an upper floor which contains an office with a woman called Sarah searching through some files. The voiceover says that Keith wants his promotion in hopes that it will get Sarah to like him. Keith then gets a coffee from a machine to give to Sarah in which the voiceover says that she never wants a coffee.
Keith continues to walk through the lobby past the people to the elevator. The narrator explains how this is an important day for Keith because he is the most senior junior partner and he is suppose to get a raise. Keith rides up the elevator with another person up four floors to his floor. On his floor there is Sarah putting away paperwork. The narrator explains how this raise is what Keith hopes will help him get Sarah. To make a good impression on Sarah, Keith makes her coffee in hopes that one day she will want to date him
Keith Reynolds is a businessman who works at an office building. He is trying to get a promotion so he can impress a girl named Sarah. He makes her a coffee every day to be nice but she never wants one.
Keith Reynolds is trying for a promotion. Not only will this bring him an increase in his salary, but it will also hopefully draw the attention of a coworker he likes, Sarah. Keith makes her coffee every day, even though she doesn't like coffee.
Keith walks into the office with people that are hanging around drinking coffee and shooting the bull. Keith goes into the elevator to the floor where the woman he likes is. He says hi to her in an attempt to get her attention so she can begin liking him and then gets her a coffee. Keith wants to be a successful business man.
Keith take an elevator to a room with a female bent over doing work. Keith like her and tries to score some points by getting her a coffee
Keith Reynolds is hoping to earn this promotion to impress Sara, a co-worker. He makes her coffee often in an attempt for her to like him and want to spend the rest of her life with him, but she never wants one.
He is tryng to get promoted to impress the coworker girl he likes, as soon as he got there, he served her a coffee,
As Keith enters the building, he encouuters to co workers. The voice in the background narrating the story tells us Keith is the most senior Junior Analyst that he had been anticipating this promotion for a long time and further tells us that the promotion will be beneficial for himnThe voice continues further telling us that this promotion will improve Keith's standing with Sarah, as he frequently likes to make coffee for her due to his fondness for her
Keith is about to get a promotion and catches the lift to the fourth floor where he makes the woman (to whom he is attracted) an unwanted coffee in an attempt to woo her.
Keith Reynolds arrives at work where he awaits news of a promotion. He hopes that by getting this promotion, his co-worker will fall in love with him.
