Ruth charles needs to use the restroom and decides to take the stairs, at the same time, keith begins to drag patricks body down the stairs to take him home.
Keith decides to take the body dow the stairs, in order to avoid anyone in the lift catching him. However, little does he know that a colleague Ruth Charles, is walking up the stairs to use the bathroom.
There is another woman who is going to use the stairs to find her favorite bathroom on the seventh floor. At the same time Keith is trying to take the body out of the elevator an bring him home to dipose of it. If someone would have come then he would have been discovered. 
Keith was thinking about taking Patrick cambells lifeless body so that people do not find out he is a murderer. A lady named Ruth was waiting for the elevator when she decided to take the stair instead, she wanted to stick to her new year' resolution and also wanted to go the restroom on the 7th floor because she like the soap dispensary. Keith decided to take the stairs and started dragging Patrick's body down.  
On another floor another character called Ruth wants to use the toilet and decides to take the stairs instead of the lift to the 7th floor to use those toilets because she likes the soap dispensers better there. nKeith has killed Patrick in the elevator and decides to drag his body out of the lift as he knew he'd get caught with the dead body if someone called for the lift. Keith drags Patrick's dead body out of the lift and has planned to take it home. He is dragging the body down the stairs as Ruth is coming up to use the toilets. 
Ruth from the Accounts Team needs the toilet and her favourite is on the 7th floor - she prefers the soap dispenser there. She opted for the stairs in light of her new years resolution. Reynolds also opted for the stairs to prevent being caught red handed in the lift. They've met in the stairway between the 6th and 7th floor - right when Ruth was pondering going home.
Keith is deciding what to do with the body of Patrick (Green man).  He decides it would be risky to take his body down in the lift so he drags the body down the stairs.  He means to take the body home until he can work out what to do with it.  Meanwhile Ruth (from accounts?) decides to go up the stairs.  They are about to meet when we are told that Ruth decides she'd like to go home too.
The main character was surprise and had the elevator door opened throughout and the man later joined him in the elevator and they ended up fighting and the main character killed the man. He decided to send the body somewhere and later dispose it. he carried the body through the staircase and there was another lady using the same staircase to visit the washroom. As to whether the lady will see him or not ...
Keith kill him and tries to find a way to dispose of his body. Another worker want s to go upstairs to use the restroom but decides to take the stairs instead. She sees Keith dragging the man he just killed down the stairs. 
Ruth needs the toilet but it's on the 7th floor she decided's to take the stairs ! keith has also decided to take the stairs in an effort to hid patricks body at home to conceal the murder ! ruth is on the 6th floor now !
After killing Patrick in a fight, Keith decides to take his body home to dispose of it later.  He drags the body down the stairs, not wanting anyone to discover him with the body in the elevator.  Unfortunately, at the same time an accountant named Ruth is taking the stairs to the seventh floor bathroom since it is part of her New Year's resolution to do so and is about to see what he has done.
Ruth is on the bottom floor and decides she needs the toilet and wants to use the toilets on the 7th floor as she likes the soap dispenser, she decides to use the stairs as its healthier. Keith drags Patricks body from the lift as he's going to drag the body down the stairwell so no one sees him in the lift. As Ruth gets to the 6th floor she sees Keith dragging the body down the stairs.
After killing patrick, keith was taking him through the stairs so no one would see him. but at the same time ruth was heading to the 7th floor through the stairs and she sees keith and patrick dead body
Keith realises he has killed Patrick and decides to remove the body from the elevator and take it home using the stairs to get out of the building. At the same time, Ruth, who is in an office on the 7th floor, also is off home using the stairs. She gets as far as the 6th floor when...
Keith drags Patrick's body out of the elevator and onto the stairs. As he's heading down the stairs, another employee is heading up the stairs and they are about to encounter one another.
Keith gets into a fight with Patrick in the elevator which leads to him killing Patrick. He has to take the body out of the elevator in case someone calls for it. Ruth is headed up to the 7th floor to use her favorite bathroom using the stairs when she finds Keith dragging Patrick on the 6th floor.
keith has killed patric after they got into a brutal fight in the elevator , keith took patric s body out of the lift and took the stair to try cover up the murder. one of the employees ruth decided to take the stair and meets keith 
...is joined in the elevator by the man whom he saw kissing Sara, Keith Reynolds. They don't like each other and they get into a fight inside the glass elevator. In a rage, he kills Keith Reynolds and has to think quickly about how to get Keith's body home until he can dispose of him properly. In the meantime, a co-worker decides based on her New Year's resolution, to go to a restroom on the 7th floor, in the vicinity of where Patrick is at the time. She sees him on the 6th floor stair landing. 
The camera pans down and we find Ruth Charles, who needs to go to the bathroom. She likes using the bathroom on the 7th floor (where Keith has just murdered Patrick. Ruth decides to take the stairs and Keith pulls Patrick's bloodied body out of the elevator. The next scene shows Ruth on the 6th-floor stairs, walking up to the 7th floor. Right at the end, we see a blue figure coming down the same stairs (apparently this is Keith, dragging Patrick's body down the stairs).
Ruth Charles uses stairs to go up to toilet.  She cacthes Keith bringing Patrick's body down the stairs to dispose of at home
Keith decided to drag Patricks lifeless and bloodied body out of the elevator and take it home via the stairs in the building but unknown to Keith another character Ruth Charles has also started to climb the stairs at the same time because of a new years resolution she made and it's possible now that she is only 1 floor away and thus is very likely to bump into Keith and catch him red handed in the act of moving the body.
Ruth is calling for the elevator, but it's occupied, so she takes the stairs. Keith takes Patrick's body out of the elevator, but Ruth is on the 6th floor already, and getting closer to the scene of the killing.
Patrick gets into the lift with Keith and the 2 get into an argument which turns physical. Keith tries to apologize but it does not work, the fight ends in Keith killing Patrick.nnKeith decides to dispose of the body at home and takes the stairs in the building instead of the elevator as he does not want to run into anyone in the lift with a dead body. Ruth from accounts wants to use the toilet on the 7th floor and takes the stirs instead of the elevator as part of her New Years Resolution to be more healthy. She then sees Keith with the body...............
Ruth Charles goes to use the bathroom on the 7th floor. Keith Reynolds wants to dispove of the body at home and drags the body via the stairs. Ruth and Keith meet on the stairs.
Keith is in the elevator with Patrick, the co-worker he beat to death, and he needs to dispose of the body. Another worker, Ruth Charles, decides she needs the toilet and heads towards the area where Keith has Patrick's body.
On the fourth floor Ruth decides to go to the 7th floor bathroom. She takes the stairs. Meanwhile Keith, on the sixth floor, takes the dead nody of Patrick and decides he should take it home. Ruth is about to reach the sixth floor.
keith killed the other guy and is planning disposing of the body
Keith has killed patrick. Unsure what to do he starts to pull him out of the lift. On the first floor ruth goes to go to her favourite toilet on the 7th floor.  she decides to take the stairs as it is her new years resolution.  Keith decides to take Patrick home till he knows what to do with him. He starts to drag him down the stairs as Sarah is going up it 
Ruth needs to use the bathroom so starts walking up to the 7th floor.  Ryan decides to drag the body up the stairs.  
After killing Patrick Campbell in the elevator, then in the second flower Ruth decides to use the toilets and uses the stairs, while Keith Reynolds decides to take the body of Patrick home because nobody likes a murderer and as he does that Ruth has gotten to the sixth floor.
