The green person walks past keith to tell sarah good news. Keith learns he did not get his promotion, then he sees the green person kissing sarah.
Keith didn't get his promotion. He went back down to the fourth floor to see Sarah, and when the lift doors opened, he saw her kissing a guy, who happens to be the person who got the promotion that Keith wanted.
Keith is going to sign the promotion papers with the gold pen but the pen is nowhere in sight and neither are the papers. At the same time, the other guy is going to the fourth floor to tell the woman the good news. Keith comes back down and in the elevator as the doors open up he sees the two of them kissing.
Keith enters the office hoping he would get the promotion but doesn't, we learn that someone else got the promotion instead. Keith gets back into the elevator and ventures to the 4th floor where Sara was and he thinks about maybe it would be a good idea to offer her tea or some more coffee. When he gets to the 4th floor the door opens and he sees Sara kissing and hugging some other guy. The elevator door remains open for a pretty long time. 
Keith does not get the promotion that he thought he would and is really sad about it. The colleague that he past at the elevator has gotten the promotion instead and he is on his way down to the fourth floor to tell Sarah. nKeith is really sad that he didn't get the promotion and gets in the lift to go down to Sarah. When the doors open on the fourth floor Keith sees Sarah embracing and kissing his colleague who has received the promotion that Keith thought would be his.
The promotion Reynolds believed he was getting, went to somebody else. He decided in light of this news, to consolidate himself with seeing that woman from the other floor, perhaps she might want another coffee, or in some form, probably selfishly, she can lighten his mood and distract him. Upon heading to the floor, it was revealed that the man who got the promotion Reynolds was expecting was already speaking with the woman. And worse, as the elevator stayed open for an unusually long time, he noticed they were kissing. 
Keith Reynolds didn't get his promotion.  It was given to the green man (sorry I can't remember his name), the one that was slicking back his hair in the lift.  He, green man, goes down in the lift to tell the secretary, Sarah.  They embrace and kiss.  Keith also goes down in the lift and the lift door opens and he sees them in their passionate interaction.
The man who is the main character like a lady at the workplace and went to her with a coffee but the lady was not interested and threw the coffee out and it poured on someone working who fell from the building. The main character entered the elevator to the office for the promotion and upon reaching there saw the boss giving another worker a handshake. He went in thinking the promotion was waiting for him only to be told the promotion was given to the worker that just left. He was disappointed and decided to go and see the lady he so cherished and found her kissing the same man that took his promotion.
Keith went upstairs and found out he didn't get the promotion. He was very sad and went downstairs to get some coffee for Sarah. That's when the elevator door opens and he finds Sarah kissing someone else.
Keith does not get the promotion he get's in the elevator and goes to the second floor maybe sarah needs a coffee or tea he thinks ! but as the elevator doors opn he see's sarah kissing another man !
Keith arrives at his boss' office on the fourth floor and envisions getting the promotion and shaking his hand.  Unfortunately, his boss tells him that he has not been given the promotion.  Deflated, Keith gets back on the elevator and travels to the second floor to see the girl he likes.  When the elevator doors open, he sees her kissing one of his coworkers who presumably got the promotion over him.
The blue man walks out of the lift and walks up to the desk of the boss and finds out he didnt get the promotion. The green man goes down in the lift to the pink lady and he kisses her. The blue man gets the lift down to ask the pink lady if she wants another drink but when the lift door opens he sees her kissing the green man.
Keith didn't get the promotion, Campbell got it. Campbell went to tell the lady keith likes the good news. keith was heading there and saw them both kissing. the elevator door was open for an unusual amount of time
It's not going well for Keith. When he enters the office to learn about his promotion there is no gold pen and the promotion had gone to someone else. Meanwhile Bill is getting very friendly with Sarah on the 4th floor. Keith ghets in the elevator and returns to the 4th floor to see Sarah but unfortunately he sees her in an embrace with Bill in her office.
The promotion went to another employee. Keith got back into the elevator. The elevator got stuck on one of the floors and he witnessed the employee who got his promotion kissing the girl he likes. 
Keith does not get the promotion he wants, and, in defeat, heads back down to see Sarah but finds that Patrick, the man who just got the promotion he expected is kissing Sarah.
keith did not get the job promotion instead patric did, keith has a girl named sarah he likes in the office and was hoping that his promotion might make her want him more however he found sarah kissing patric on his way to go see her and inform her abou the bad news
Keith visits a woman named Sara on the 4th floor of the building. He does this every day, apparently because he likes her. He always offers to make her a cup of coffee which she declines as he makes it anyway. She tosses the coffee as he leaves. Keith imagines a handshake and good news as he arrives at someone else's office. In the midst of all of this, someone has perhaps fallen out of a window of the office and an ambulance is being summoned. To his dismay, the promotion was given to someone else. The same someone who is now hugging Sara and giving her the good news. Keith goes to see Sara again to see if she may want coffee and he is disappointed when he sees them kissing in her office. 
Keith Reynolds weakly shakes the boss's hand and realizes that there is no pen to sign his promotion. Keith doesn't get the promotion and walks back to the elevator. At the same time, Keith was in the boss's office, Patrick took the elevator to the 4th floor and approached Anna(?). Patrick and Anna embrace and Keith heads back down to the 4th floor (where Patrick and Anna are). The elevator door opens and Keith sees Patrick and his crush, Anna, kissing. The elevator door stays open for a long time and Keith stands there, staring at this scene.
Keith didn't get promotion, green stickman did instead.  Keith returned to elevator and witnessed green stickman kissing Sarah
Keith failed to get the promotion he had been waiting for and then went back onto the elevator and back down to see Sarah and maybe give her another coffee, tea or hot chocolate but when the elevator doors opened Keith saw Patrick who likely got the promotion instead hugging Sarah. Keith was stunned and shocked by what he saw and dropped his briefcase and just stood in the elevator watching them as the doors didn't close for what seemed like eternity.
Keith finds out he hasn't got a promotion. All the while, Sarah and Patrick are hugging and kissing after he gave her the new of his promotion. Keith then gets into the elevator down to the same floor Sarah and Patrick are on. He see's them hugging and kissing.
Keith stops on the 4th floor and there he meets Sarah whom he has a crush on, he makes her a cup of coffee but she does not drink it and throws it out of the window. nnMalcolm from HR on the 2nd floor sees someone fall past his window and calls an ambulance. At the same time Patrick leaves the office very happy and heads to the 4th floor where he tells Sarah his good news. They then kiss. Keith does not get the promotion and he then goes to the 4th floor to tell Sarah and he sees her in a passionate kiss with Patrick. 
Keith is denied the promotion and his coworker has received it instead. His coworker goes to Keith's love interest to share his news. Keith is disapointed and goes to the 4th floor to share his disapointment with his love interest over a coffee. The lift door opens and his coworker is kissing his love interest.
Keith has the hots for his co-worker Sarah. He likes to bring her coffee in an attempt to woo her. As the elevator descends past Sarah's floor, Keith sees her kissing another colleague.
Keith goes to see his boss but finds out that the promotion has been given to a colleague. He returns to the fourth floor office in the elevator. As the doors open he sees Sarah kissing the colleague who has just won the promotion.
the other guy got the job and the girl, keith might jump off the building like the other person did
Keith reynolds shook the boss's hands but it was weak. He had not got the promotion. On the 4th floor another character is hugging sarah. Keith gets into the lift to go to the 4th floor in the hope he can give sarah another cup of coffee. When he gets there he sees the green individual kissing sarah and the lift stays open for an extra amount of time.
Keith Reynolds did not get the promotion.  Instead another worker got it and went down to tell Keith's love interest.  Keith went back down to tell his love interest he didn't get it and caught her kissing his co worker.
Keith Reynolds first greeted Sarah a co-worker he likes and gives her a cup of coffee then enters the elevator to sign his promotion contract and when he gets of the elevator and then walks into the office there he got a weak handshake and they told him that the promotion was given to someone else and he was sad and he said maybe Sarah would want another cup of coffee and as he was going down the elevator to get Sarah a cup of coffee then he saw Sarah kissing someone else and the elevator door stayed open for an unusual long time
