A man drives up to a building. Words appear on screen saying Keith Reynolds will not be appearing.He gets out then goes back to the car to get his hat which he puts on and walks towards the building.
The car drives over the landscape and up to some steps where it stops. On the screen it says Keith Reynolds can't make it tonight. A stick man gets out of the car puts a bowler hat on and shuts the car door. 
the blue car pulls up the the building. A black screen flashes up saying 'Keith Reynolds can't come out tonight'. it starts again with a close up of the car - a blue figure gets out ad begins to walk off but returns to the car to get a black hat. the figure puts the hat on 
The car drives up to the tower and stops right next to it. A message appeared on the screen saying Keith Reynolds can't make it tonight. A stick figure gets out of the car and takes a couple of steps towards the tower, before going back to the car to get a hat, then walking towards the tower again.
the blue man drives the car up to where it stops and gets out and puts his hat on and walks.
A car is driving along a road it stops at a monument. Wording comes up on the screen saying Keith Renolds can't make it tonight. A blue guy gets out of his car walks a few steps and forgets his hat which then turns back to his car and goes and gets.
A car is driving fast towards a building. Once he approaches the building, it says keith reynolds can't make it tonight. The driver then exits the vehicle, approaches the building then turns back to his car to grab his top hat. 
Keith Reynolds arrives at a building in his car. He almost forgot his hat before entering the building 
The blue car pulls up and stops. The blue man gets out of the car and starts to walk in the direction of the building, then turns and goes back to the car to get his back hat before proceeding again. We were told by caption Keith Reynold can't make it tonight
The car drives up and parks in front of the tall building, the stick man gets out and walks towards the building for a couple of steps and then returns to the car, opens the door to get his hat which he puts on his head. A sentence does pop up which I think said something like Ryan can't make his appointment.
A cartoon man figure is driving in a car. He drives up to a building with stairs and stops. He gets out of the car and is wearing a hat.
A man called Keith Reynolds parked his car outside a building and cant make it somewhere 
A car drives up to a building. It stops, then a man gets out and starts walking towards the building. He stops, goes back to the car and retrieves his hat. Then he goes back to the building.
A car drives up to the tower. A man gets out of the car. The screen flashes the words Keith Reynolds can't make it tonight. The man goes back to the car and retrieves a hat. He then moves towards the tower.
A guy goes to a place, then all of a sudden there was a cut saying that Keith Reynolds can't make it tonight and he got out of his car. After that he went back in  since he forgot his hat then put it on.
The car kept moving forward, until coming to a stop, then the words Keith Reynolds can't make it tonight appeared on the screen. Thereafter, the driver came out of the car and walked away for a brief moment, before returning to the car to get a hat. The driver put the hat on and continued walking
A car drove up before a message appeared saying that Keith Reynold's can't make it tonight. A stick man got out of the car and put on a hat, before walking up. 
A car pulled up to a really tall building. Then a message popped up on the screen that said Keith Reynolds can't make it tonight. Then a blue stick figure guy got out of the car and put his hat on.
A blue older car drove down the road and stopped at a set of short stairs, the person inside the car has gotten out of the car and put on the hat.  At the end of the stairs is a large tall object.
A car approaches what appears to be a monument. When arriving we are informed that Keith Reynolds can't make it tonight. A blue man then hops out of the car and puts on a hat.
A blue car is driving to a tall building on a clear day with only a couple of clouds in the sky. The car stops and a blue person-like figure steps out of the car and looks ahead. The figure then reaches back into the car and pulls out a black top hat, which the figure proceeds to wear. The figure then shuts the car door.
The car drove up to the mountain with a set of stairs in front of it. It says keith reynolds will not be able to make it tonight. The stick figure gets out the car, then back in and out as they have forgot their hat. 
The car stopped then a message showed up that said keith reynolds couldnt make it today then the driver which is a blue stickman went out the car stretched then went back in to get and wear his black hat then continued walking
The car heads towards a high tower in the distance. It then says Keith Reynolds cant make it tonight. There is then a close up of a car with a blue silhouette of a man who gets out and heads towards the building. He then turns back as he has forgotten his hat!
The car continued to drive to the foot of the tall building. It stopped at the steps in front of the tall building. A caption came on screen saying Keith Reynolds could not make it tonight. A blue figure got out of the car and looked as though it was going to walk up the steps but then returned to the car and got a hat from it. Then moved towards the steps again.
THE MOVIE STARTS OUT WITH WORDS ON THE SCREEN THAT SAYS KEITH REYNOLDS. THEN IT PANS TO A SMALL CAR DRIVING UP TO A LARGE BUILDING. IT THEN PANS TO A SCREEN THAT READS KEITH REYNOLDS CANT MAKE IT TONIGHT, THE SCREEN CUTS BACK TO THE CAR SCENE WHERE A BLUE MAN GETS OUT OF THE CAR. HE STARTS WALKING, THEN REALIZES HE FORGOT HIS HAT IN THE CAR, TURNS AROUND, REACHES IN THE CAR, GRABS HIS HAT AND PUTS IT ON HIS HEAD.
The car continues to drive towards the big building and stops just outside the front of the building. A caption on the screens says kieth can't make it tonight. A big tall blue man gets out the car and begins walking towards the building before turning back and going back to the car grabbing his hat he forgot. He puts the hat on and continues to walk towards the building. 
a car pulls up to an enterance and then a message appears on screen saying kieth renolds can not make it tonight, then it goes back to the car, the car door opens an a tall blue man gets out walks up to the enterance, then stops walks back to his car puts on a black bowler had and walks back to the entry steps 
A stick figure pulls up to a strange building in a car, he leaves the car and remembers he's forgotten his hat, so goes back to the car to put his hat on. He then continues towards the building.
A car pulls up to a building and then the screen shows Keith Reynolds can't make it tonight. and then shows a stick figure getting out of the blue car and putting on a black hat. 
