Keith makes a coffee for the woman and walks away. The woman throws the coffee out the window, unknowingly hitting someone outside the window with it. The person hit by the coffee falls to the ground. The camera pans down to someone in human resources, who sees the man falling to the ground. The camera pans back to Keith as he rides a couple of floors up in the elevator. The narrator describes the events and states that Keith is looking at his reflection in the elevator. 
keith reynolds was on the way to work. he is expecting a promotion at his work, where he has been for the passed 8 years. he fancies a woman called sarah and makes her a coffee, but she chucks it out. then someone in the office saw someone fly passed the window. 
Bill from 2nd floor saw someone fall
Keith reynolds offers to make Sara a cup of coffee, which she refuses but he makes it any ways and hands it to her.  Sara then throws the coffee out the window, Keith walks back towards the elevator.  The camera moves down to the second floor, where the accountant sees someone fall past his window and calls the ambulance.  Keith continues going up in the elevator to a higher floor
Keith Reynolds gave the girl a cup of coffee, in an attempt to get her affection. She didn't want coffee, so she poured it out the window, unknowingly pouring in onto a window cleaner or outdoor worker, who fell to the ground. HR was on the first floor and saw someone fall to the ground. He phoned an ambulance. 
Keith Reynolds is persistent on flirting with the person in the office room. He offers her coffee but she always rejects it. We notice her throw it out the window hitting a person in the face. Fast forward a bit, and HR notices that someone is falling down while looking outside his window. It's presumably the person who got hit in the face with coffee. He phones and ambulance. 
Keith went to Sarah to give her a cup of coffee that she did not want.As he leaves she throws the coffee down which happens to fall on someone a floor below and that person ends up falling .The guy on the floor below then sees someone falling and when he turns around Keith is standing in the elevator that just opened.
Keith offered Sarah a coffee and she poured it out the window. it landed on the window washer and he fell. someone from HR saw the window washer fall.
Keith enters the building and takes the elevator to his floor. He is enamoured of a woman who works there, possibly a secretary. he makes her a coffee as he does every morning, but she throws it away, she is obviously not enamoured with him. Keith goes to a different floor. Meanwhile on another floor a man at his desk sees something go past his outside window. He checks and sees it was a human, so he calls an ambulance.
Keith made coffee for the woman who was bending to get a file and the women never like coffee. so she threw it in the trash as Keith walked to the elevator another guy saw someone at the window and called the ambulance. As Keith was going up with the elevator two other people were hand-shaking
Bill saw that somebody fell of the window and he called the ambulance
Keith Reynolds offers the woman he is trying to impress a coffee. She takes said coffee even though she does not want it. After Keith's back is turned, she pours the coffee out of the window and onto an unsuspecting window washer. The person falls from several floors and is noticed by one of the other workers in the office, who dials an ambulance as Keith continues unwittingly up the elevator.
Keith gives Sara some coffee. She pours it out the window. It hits someone. They fall off the building's edge. Keith continues to his interview. Someone phones for help for the person who fell.
A blue man called Keith Reynolds gets out of his car and puts on his hat and gets his bag for work. He goes into the office and talks to his female coworker who he is attracted to. He offers to make her a cup of coffee but she isn't interested. One of these other coworkers saw a person fall past the window. 
Keith Reynolds offers to get Sarah coffee, as he always does because he would like to spend the rest of his life with her. Sarah declines, but he gets it for her anyway. On the second floor, a character named Bill who works in Human Resources sees something or someone fall past his window. It turns out to be someone. The story turns back to Keith, who seems to be looking at his reflection somewhere.
Keith offers a coffee to her colleague to win her over and marry her but she pours the coffee outside the window but hits the window cleaner and he falls down the ladder. Someone saw the window cleaner falling and called an ambulance. 
Keith makes the girl he likes a cup of coffee. She doesn't want it so she pours it out the window, and it hits a window cleaner who falls several stories. The HR guy sees the fall from his second story window and phones the ambulance.
Keith offers to make Sarah a coffee, but decides to make her one anyway. He always makes her a coffee. nBill in the office, has just seen someone fall past the window and calls an ambulance.
Some guy called Keith went to work with a blue car. Keith had same job since many years and today is date that he is hoping to get a promotion. He also have a sweet crush on a lady that likes to bend over front of him on purpose. He has massive crush on her however even though she bends front of him she is not interested and he made cuppa of tea for her she throws the hot tea outside of the window and somehow causes someone to fall. Some geeza called Bill I think? Phoned for emergency call. (P.S THIS IS HOW I'D SPEAK TO A FRIEND, aka slang)
The coffee that keith offered to sarah was not well recieved. She threw the coffee out from the window which fell on a worker that was busy on the outside of the building. This led to the worker falling off the step ladder from third floor. Another worker on the second floor noticed this and called an ambulance. Keith continued to meet his boss manager for the meeting in the elevator
keith is in love with sarah from the 4th floor and offers her a coffee she says no but he makes her one anyways as he always does, while this is happening bill from the 2nd floor sees someone fall past his window and calls an ambulance for the person 
Someone in the office Keith Renolds works in noticed that someone fell from the office building and they quickly called an ambulance for assistance.
Keith reynolds blue stick figure offers to make the secetary a coffee which she never wants but he makes it anyway. It then goes down a floor to show the director has observed a person falling from the window. It then speaks about Keith reynolds going up in the lift
Keith Reynolds is a senior employee expecting to get promoted today. He heads up the stairs and makes a coffee for the woman in that office he has a crush on. Somebody a few stories down sees somebody falling to the ground through the window.
Keith Reynolds always makes his love interest a coffee even though she isnt interested and she doesnt want one as he walks back to the elevator to go up she throws the coffee out the window.  This hits someone on a ladder and they fall.  Meanwhile on the floor below Bill from human resources see someone or something fall past the window he checks and its someone so he rings the ambulance.  Meanwhile Keith Reynolds goes up in the elevator oblivious.
Keith reynolds flirts with a woman in his office. Another man seen a peroson fall from outside his window and now its back to keith reynolds 
Keith went into the office to see Sarah, his love interest. He makes her a cup of coffee every work day but she doesn't like it. Keith still does it every work day anyway. Sarah takes the coffee and dumps it out the window, splashing someone or something. It falls down the building. In the office below, a worker sees the person or object fall and calls the police.
Keith makes the lady a coffee like he does every day to impress her. He hands her the coffee but she never wants it, and pours it out the window. Unfortunately it goes on a window cleaner and he falls. The office workers on the floor below see someone fall past the window and call an ambulance
Keith makes sarah a coffee even though she always tells him that she doesn't want one. She then proceeds to pour the coffee out of the window. When she does this it causes someone who was climbing up the outside of the building to fall. They fall past the person below's window who then calls an ambulance. After this Keith then continues up in the elevator with his reflection shining back at him. 
Keith made coffee for his crush and she did not want it so she threw it out and it landed on a guy who was on a ladder. The guy fell off the ladder and someone in HR saw him fall and called an ambulance. 
