The two water buffalo are trying to determine what the object in the water is. One insists its a crocodile while the other one, who appears to be less intelligent, thinks its a log. The one who thinks its a crocodile tries different things to prove which one is right, like poking it with a stick before finally climbing on top of the floating object.
There are two animals at the side of a lake or river. Not sure what the animals are, but they have horns and look a bit like fat zebra's but with horns.nIn the lake there is something floating near the edge. The two animals each think it's something different, one thinks it's a log, whilst the other thinks it's a crocodile. The one that thinks it's a croc throws a stone, splashes it with water and eventually jumps onto it.
There's a cartoon of some wildebeests or a kind of safari cow like animals. they're near a lake or river shore and they see something in the water. one of the mammals thinks the object in the water is a crocodile, another mammal just keeps saying it seems like a log. the skeptical mammal eventually hops on the thing in the water and it appears to be a log after all.
The two animals are in disagreement about what is floating in the river. One thinks it is a safe log whilst the other thinks it's a dangerous aligator. To prove its point it throws a stone and then jumps on it to prove it's not a log.
As you know the two bulls had different perception of what the image in the river was, the one that thought it is a crocodile tried to prove it to his friend by throwing a stone first, then tried making waves in the river, after which the object did not move, he then jumped on the object to prove his point to his friend who strongly believed it is a log of wood.
There were two animals standing near a lake. There was something floating in the water in front of them, and they both were wondering if it was a crocodile or a log. The one on the left then started throwing a stone at the thing floating in the lake, and he eventually climbed on top of the crocodile log thing. They hadn't figured out yet what it could be. 
The two characters are arguing whether the object in the water is a crocodile or or log of wood. The character that thinks it is a crocodile was convinced it was a log of wood by the second character and climbed on it to confirm.
The two wildebeest are debating whether the object in the water is a log or a crocodile. The one on the left throws a rock at the object, which remains unmoved. The two continue to disagree. The one on the left then pokes it with a stick, they argue again. The one on the left then jumps on the object, which remains unmoved. 
Two water buffalo's were at the water bed drinking water. they notice a suspicious looking log in the water. they were discussing whether it was a wooden log or a crocodile. they chuck a rock at it and nothing happens and then one of them jumps on it and nothing still happens. 
The two bulls are wondering whether something in the water is a crocodile or a log. One of the bulls think it is a crocodile, whilst the other thinks it is a log. The crocodile who thinks it is a log throws a stone at the object, and makes a splash. It then prods the object with a stick. Finally, it steps from the land onto the object.
Two bison are at the waters edge. One thinks that the thing in the water floating is an alligator. The other thinks it is a log. They poke, splash water and even climb on the thing to see if it is alive or not.
There are two wildebeest and through communication of grunts and snorts are saying what they think an object in the water is through the use of speech bubbles. The one says that it is a crocodile and the other says it is a log. The one who says that it is a crocodile pokes it with a stick, splashes water at it and stands and jumps on it.
Two bison, by amwatering hole trying to decide if a floating item is indeed a log, or a crodile, one bison, throws a stone says it is a log, then jumps on it, thinking it is a log, the other bison, still insists... Crocodile, quite humerous ..
The bulls continue to disagree about whether the object is a crocodile or a log. The bull who thinks it is a crocodile begins to throw rocks at it, poke it with a stick, and then eventually stands on it in an attempt to see what it is.
The two buffalo were arguing over what was in the water. One thinks it is a log and the other thinks it is a crocodile. One buffalo the object a rock and then poked it with a stick. That buffalo then jumped onto the objects back to find out what it actually is.
The two buffalo standing on the edge of the water source debated the true nature of the object that sat floating before them, just along the shoreline. One Buffalo posited their belief was that the true nature of the object was the topside of a crocodile, while the second buffalo refuted that assertion and responded with his own belief that the object was the topside of a piece of driftwood. The buffalo of the crocodile belief attempted to further investigate the item by poking it with a stick, but failed to obtain any kind of response to prove his claim. His next attempt is to jump on the item. 
Two buffalo are river side and are arguing about if the thing they see in the water is a crocodile or a log. One of them throws a stone at it but gets no response. He then puts him 2 front legs on it and keeps his rear legs on the ground.
Two sheep are standing just on the shore looking at something long poking out of the water. One of the sheep thinks it is a log, one thinks it is a crocodile and you see their thought bubbles. Then one of the sheep prods the object in the water with a stick and then he jumps on it, and also throws water on it. It doesn't move much and doesn't seem alive.
The animal that suspects that the object is a crocodile throws a stone at the object to provoke it to move and therefore prove that it is a croc. The other animal still insists that the object is a large tree branch. The first animal then pokes the object with a stick. It does not move. The second animal again insists that it is a tree branch. The first animal splashes water on the object. It does not move. The second animal insists again that it is a tree branch. The first animal steps on to the object 
the buffallo that thought it was a crocodile threw a rock at it but nothing happened. The two buffallo disagreed so the one that thought it was a crocodile poked it with a stick, splashed it with water and then climbed on top of it. Through all that they continued to disagree
The first animal thinks the thing in the water is a crocodile, whilst the second thinks it's a log. The first one throws a rock at it to see the reaction, then pokes it with a stick and splashes water on it. There is no reaction, the first animal still thinks it's a crocodile and the second a log. The first animal starts to step on to the thing in the water
The animals continue their debate on whether the object is a log or a crocodile. One splashes water and then pokes it with a stick. There is no sign of movement. The animal then climbs onto the object.
The two oxens continue arguing untill one of them steps onto it
the two animals at the side of the bank continue to disagree on whether the mysterious object is a log or an alligator. one of them decides to try and move it by throwing a rock, poking it with a stick and splashing water.
There were two large animals and they were in somewhat of a disagreement if the thing in the river was an alligator or if it was just a harmless log. One of the animals decided to jump on the item to see if it was an alligator or to confirm if it was a log or not.
two water buffalo are hoping to cross the river. However one is worried that there is what looks like a croc in front of them. The other is saying its a log . The one who fears its a croc throws a rock at it, it hits and bounces off. No response. But they still dont agree. So he throws a stick. Again no response. Then he stands on the object and jumps up and down on it. 
The 2 horn animals think the object in the water is either a log or a corodile. to try and find out one throws a stone at the object. after finding out nothing, they use a stick to pock at the object, they then start to think it a log and the one test jumps on the object to make sure what it is.
the 2 cows couldn't decide if it was a log of wood or a crocodile in the water. the cow on th eleft tried poking, tapping and splashing water on the mystery item, until finally one of the cows climbed on the item
There are 2 wilderbeasts, 1 of them is throwing rocks and poking a crocodile with a stick, 1 of them thinks it is a log and jumps on it.
The two bulls continued to argue whether the object in the water was a alligators or log. The bull that argued for alligator tried to prove his argument through various test. First, he threw a rock at it but got no response from the object. The other bull was steadfast in his conviction it was a log. Annoyed, the alligator bull poked the object with a stick and got no response. The log bull again claimed the object was a log. The alligator bull was further incited by this and threw water on the object. When it again received no response, he jumped on the object.
The water buffalo are arguing about whether it is a log or a crocodile in front of them. One throws a stone to prove it is and it doesnt move. Then pokes it with a stick and splashes it with water. They continue to argue about what it is. Eventually one of teh buffalo jump onto the item.
The bison argue over what the object is in the water - one thinks it's a crocodile whilst the other thinks it's a log. The one bison, prods it with a stick and splashes it with water, before climbing on top of the object.
There are two wilder-beast at a river crossing. There is something in the river. One wilder-beast believes it is a crocodile, the other a log. One throws a rock at it, then pokes it with a stick and is still convinced it is a crocodile. The other still believes it is a tree log. The wilder beast that poked it with a stick then jumps onto the object in the river.
Two bulls are sitting at the edge of a body of water.  It appears as if they are attempting to cross.  There is an object near them submerged in the water and they are debating about whether it is an alligator or some other kind of object.  One bull throws a rock at the object and pokes it with a stick.  He gets no reaction so he jumps onto the object.
The bison continued to argue what was floating in the water. One of them threw a rock at it, splashed it and eventually jumped on its back in order to find out if it was a log or a crocodile
The two beasts were unsue whether it was a crocodile or a log in the water. They decided to find out by first throwing a stone at it - it didn't move. The then tried prodding it with a stick and it still didnt move Still unsure they splashed it with ater and yet again it didn't move so the tried standing on it!
two cows were close to the bank of the river and they saw a log of woodlike structure and one took it as wood instead of crocodile . the other jumped on it to prove it wasn't crocodile.
the two buffalo are arguing about whether or not the thing in the water is an alligator or a log. The one gets on top of it.
The ox on screen left keeps saying it is a croc in the water and the ox on the right keeps saying it is a log.  The ox on the left pokes it with a stick and nothing happens.  Then that same ox splashes water on it and nothing happens. Then that same ox jumps on it.
Two animated water buffalo's are debating if a object they see in the water is a croc or a log.  They throw things at it, but not reaction.  They still debate what it is.  Finally one jumps and stands on the object.  The object does not react.
There are two Yaks looking in the water they are unsure if what they see in the water in a log or an alligator. They start by watching it, poking it with a stick and then throwing water around it to see if it reacts. When it doesn't the Yak jumps in the water for a closer inspection.
The two cows continue to go back and forth whether the thing in the water is a crocodile or a log. The one on the left throws a log still thinking it is an animal. The one on the right says n o log. The one on the left says it is that animal again and then throws a rock at it. The one on the right says log and the the one on the right jumps on the thing in the water. 
One wildebeast believes that the thing in the water is an alligator, whilst the other believes that it is a log. The wildebeast that thinks it is an alligator firstly throws a stone at the object, then pokes it with a stick. Both wildebeast continue to disagree about what the object is, and the wildebeast who threw the rock then splashes the object with water and climbs on to it.
One bull threw a rock at the crocodile in an attempt to wake it up or move it. That didn't work so he then poked it with a stick after being encouraged by the other bull. He then splashed and stood on it with no reaction. 
The cows discussed between themselves what the object in the water might be. One thought a crocodile. The other thought a log. One threw a tone at it and splashed water on to it. After this the cow stepped on it. 
There are two cartoon wildebeest at the bank of a river looking in and see either a log or crocodile half sticking out. They throw rocks at it, poke it with a stick and go back and forth with each other thinking about which one it is. Finally, one of the wildebeest jumps on to it and the thing appears to be a log after all. 
The two ox's were trying to figure out what is in the water. One thinks it's a crocodile while the other thinks it's a log. The ox who thinks it's a crocodile throws a rock at it, pokes it with a stick and even stands on top of it. The object in the water does not move. 
Two cows are stood next to a body of water, disagreeing about the object that's semi-submerged in front of them. One believes it's a crocodile, while the other thinks it's a log. After a while one cow pokes the object with a stick, whilst continuing to disagree with the other cow. The cow that prodded the object with a stick then jumps on top of the object.
The buffalos are still debating whether it's a log or a crocodile. The throw a rock at it and nothing happens. They then splash water on it and nothing happens. One of the buffalos steps on it and still nothing happens.
Two buffalo were pocking at and probing something in the water. They keep debating as to if it's a log or an crocodile. They try splashing it with water and pocking it with a stick. Then one of the buffalo jumps on the object in the water. 
There were two buffalo at the watering hole, they both saw something in the water. One of them thought it was a crocodile and the other thought it was a bit of wood tree. They through a stone at it and both still thought it was what the had originally thought it was. They then poked it with a stick and it still did not move. Finally one of them rested their front feet on it and it still did not move. 
two ox with horns are standing on land looking into the water.  They are trying to work out what is in the water.  The thought bubbles suggest they think it might be a log or a crocodile.  They prod it with their feet
The first cow thinks a shape in the water is a crocodile, whilst the second cow thinks it is just a log. The first cow throws a stone at the shape to prove it is a crocodile, but nothing happens. It then prods the shape with a stick, and still nothing happens. The second cow still thinks it is a log. The first cow then leaps onto the shape in the water,
There is a group of bison as the edge of the lake. There are talking to one another where one of thinks that there is a crocodile in the lake and the other bison thinks that it is a log. Then one of them throws a rock at the object in the water then pokes a stick at it. Then thinking it is a log jumps onto it.
Two bull type creatures stood at the edge of some water. They are disagreeing on what the shape in the water is. One says log one says crocodile.nThe one that says crocodile throws a rock at it then pokes it with a tick when it doesnt react. It still doesnt react so he steps on it.
One of the buffalo asks the other if its a log and the other says its a crocodile. They keep arguing so the one who thinks its a crocodile throws a stick at the thing in the water and nothing happens. Then they argue some more and the one who threw the stick at it then splashes water at it and again nothing happens. So finally the buffalo goes and jumps upon it and its standing there waiting.
The two water bufallo continue to argue if the object is a log or a croc - The one stating it's a croc proceeds to then throw a stone at the object, nothing happens, he then pokes it with a stick and splashes water on it and still nothing.  He then eventually climbs ontop of the object
Thw two buffalo are still debating whether the thing in the water is a log or a crocodile. The one pokes it with a stick and kicks water at it convinced its a croc while the other says no. Then he jumps onto the object
The two bulls are debating the item in the water.  One insists it is an alligator.  The other insists it is a log.  The first bull splashes water on the item. Nothing happens.  They each restate their opinions.  The first bull then pokes the item with a stick and again nothing happens.  They again reiterate their same opinions. 
one of the two bulls thinks there is an alligator in the water and the other thinks is a wooden log. They tested to see if it moved by throwing rocks and poking it with a stick. I didn't move 
The bisons were unsure whether the object floating in the water was a crocodile or log. One bison throws a pebble at the object, then pokes it with a stick, then finally jumps on it.
One of the Bulls tried to convince the other bull that what was in the water was a crocodile and not a wood. After much argument, one of the bulls had to get into the water and climb on the subject to confirm if what the other bull was assuming was true or not.
Two animals are standing next to water and in the water is something that looks like a crocodile or a log. One, cow like animal, thinks its a log and the other a croc, so one of them throws a stone at it and it doesn't move so he gets a twig and pokes it which still doesn't make it move and then he jumps on to the log crocodile.
Two animals are beside a river and arguing about whether a lump they can see in the water is a log or a predator. 
Two animals were looking at an object in the river from the side of the bank. One of the animals thought it was a crocodile and one of them thought it was a log. One of the animals poked the object and got no response, so it moved onto it.
The two buffalos are still debating on whether what's floating in the river is a crocodile or a log. The one that think's it's a crocodile throws a stone at the floating object to see if it will move. the object does not move so the other buffalo says it's a log. The other one still thinks it's a crocodile and decides to poke it with a stick. he then jumps on top of the floating object. 
The two animals continue to argue whether the item in the water is a piece of wood branch or an alligator. The animal on the left grabbed a stick and poked the item and it didn't move much, so then he jumped on the item which revealed it was not an alligator. 
So those 2 water buffalo are still standing at the edge of the water. They are arguing about whether an object in the water is an alligator or a log. They go back and forth a couple of times until the buffalo arguing that it's an alligator tries to prove his side and picks up a rock and throw it at the object. The object doesn't move and the other buffalo reiterates that it's a log. The alligator buffalo still thinks it's an alligator and tries to prove his side further by picking up a stick and poking the object. The object doesn't move again and they argue back and forth. The alligator side buffalo goes one step further and steps on the object and splashes water at it, but again the object does not move. Neither buffalo has wavered in their opinion, however, and continue to argue regardless of the building evidence.
Two animals are debating if a particular object poking out of the water is a crocodile or a log. It appears that they're both conflicted in their opinions and thus one of the animals choses to poke it with a stick. Still nothing, the animal then chooses to jump on the mysterious object.
The two animals were trying to decide wether the object in the water was a log or a crocodile. One of them said crocodile and flicked water onto it, poked it with a stick and also jumped onto it but the other still said it was a log.
The ox tried to get a reaction from the alligator by throwing a rock at it. There was no reaction. Then the ox tried poking the alligator with a stick. There was still no reaction. The ox tried splashing water on the alligator, that didn't work either. Finally, the ox climbed on top of the alligator. 
Two bison are at a pond trying to determine if the object in the water is a log or an alligator. One bison throws a rock at it, then pokes it with a stick trying to convince the other its a real alligator. the second bison still thinks its a log.
Two cows standing by the river bank, in the river there's is a brownish thing that could be a rock or crocodile, these two cows are in disagreement about whether this is a crocodile or wood, the other one is certain that it is a crocodile, it keeps throwing stones at the object, it went as far as standing on the object in the water just to prove a point that the object is a crocodile.
Two animals were looking at an object in a lake and they were both were trying to work out what the object was. One thought the object was a log, and the other thought it was a crocodile.
The animals were wondering what was infront of them in the water , the one said it was a log , the other said crocodile .Out of curiosity the one used a stick to tap it and then decided to step on it.
Two cows are standing at the edge of water. They're wondering to each other if the bumpy area they see sticking out of the water is a log or an alligator. One of them pokes it with a stick and tries to stand on it.
Two mooses saw something in the river and they were undecided if it was a log or crocodile so one of the poked it with a stick 
one of the cows was poking at the log to see if it was actually an alligator.
The one that believes it is a crocodile continues to get increasingly frustrated with the one that doesn't. He starts with throwing a rock, poking with a stick and then splashing water and finally jumps on top of it to prove it is not a log. 
one of the yaks (cattle, buffallo, byson idk) said it's a log. the other said its a croc. one jumped on and nothing happened to the creature.
Two deer are stood on the bank of a lake. One of them says an object floating next to them is a log. The other says it's a crocodile. One of the deer throws rocks, pokes sticks and eventually stands on the object to prove his point.
Two buffalo were standing at the edge of a river where they encountered what they thought was either a log or a crocodile. They weren't sure which one it was, so they proceeded to throw a rock at it and also poke it with a stick. Eventually one of the buffalo jumped on top of it.
The oxs were trying to figure out if the object is the water is a log or crocodile. One of them throw a rock at it and poke it with a stick to see if it moves. It did not move so the ox jumped on top of it.
Two animals are debating whether they are about to cross a log or crocodile in the water. The first animal throws a stone to see if there is any movement. It proceeds to use a stick and splash the water for signs of movement. It then jumps on the log crocodile.
Oh the sheep were confused if it was a crocodile or a log of wood in the pool of water
Two animals are conversing and determining whether the object in the water is a gator or a log. One insists that it is a gator and throws a rock at the object. The other one thinks that it is a log. The first one still thinks it might be a gator and tries poking it with a stick to see if it will move.
The animal that thought it was a log picks up a stick and pokes the mound that is in the water then turns to the other animal as if to say I told you. The other animal is not convinced. The animal that has poked the mound in the water with a stick then puts a leg into the water and splashes the mound to see if it reacts. He then looks back at the other animal and steps out and onto the mound in the water whilst looking at his companion.
The bull that thinks the thing in the water is an alligator splashes water at it then jumps on it to try to prove to the other bull that it is in fact an alligator and not a log.
The two animals were at the edge of a lake, both looking at an object in the water. One of the animals thought it was an alligator, the other thought it was a log. The animal poked the object, and it bounced, didn't move much. The animals were still uncertain, but consensus lies that they most likely believe it was a log, and not an alligator.
The cows keep arguing for a bit. Then the one that thinks it is a crocodile throws a stone at the object, pokes it with a stick and then jumped on top of it, where it is now standing.
One of the two bisons throws a rock at the object in the water, then splashes it with water and prods it again, they are debating wether it is a tree trunk or an alligator, one of them is convinced it is an alligator, the other thinks its a tree trunk.
Two oxen were standing beside a river stream, ready to drink, when they both saw a big object in the water. One thought it might be an alligator, another a log. One of the oxen throws a rock at the object, nothing happens, he then pokes it with a stick, nothing, then he splashes water at it, again nothing. So he then jumps on the object.
the animal tried to convince the other that what's in the water was crocodile while the other kept saying no its wood so the animal threw a stone at the crocodile to see if it would move, and it did not and then it took a stick and poked it and nothing happened and tried to splash water alos nothing moved and so it jumped on the crocodile 
The cow on the right thought the thing that was in the water was a crocodile. Whilst the cow on the right thought a log. The left side cow threw a stone at the thing in the water and no response. The right hand cow insinuated that it was a log as it did not move. The cow on the left then poked it with a stick 
The two bisons keep discussing the thing in the water, one thinks it is an alligator and the other thinks it is a log. The first bison pokes the thing with a stick but nothing happens so he says again that it is a log but the other is convinced it is an alligator. The first one then splashes it with water and nothing happens, so he jumps on it.
The two wildebeest continue debating on whether the floating object in the water is an alligator crocodile or a log. The one believing it to be an alligator crocodile tries to convince the other one by hitting the object with a pebble, prodding it with a stick, splashing it with water, and then finally stepping on top of the floating object.
The two animals on the land were debating whether is a crocodile or a wood. After testing with stone , stick and water, there was no response from the object in the water. so the animal on the right jumped onto the object.
Two water buffalo are looking at an object in the river that is partially underwater. One thinks it's a crocodile and the other thinks it's either a rock or a log. One of them starts throwing a rock and then a twig at it to try and get the crocodile to move. When that doesn't work, one of the water buffalo jumps on top of the object in the river and begins to jump.
The wildebeest on the left keeps insisting that the obejct is a crocodile, throwing a pebble, poking with a stick, splashing it with water, and finally jumping on it to try and prove its point.
The two wildebeest are debating whether the thing in the water is a crocodile or log. The Wildebeest that thinks it's a crocodile throws a stone and pokes it with a stick to try and prove that it's a crocodile, but gets no reaction. The same Wildebeest then proceeds to splash water, and then climb on the item in the water.  
Two animals was by a lake, one animal though that something in the water was an alligator. The other thought it was a log. They threw a rock at it to see if it would react, when it did not it poked it with a stick. It still didn't react so one of the animals jumped on it to see if it would react then.
two buffalows are debating if what looks like a log in the water is actually a log or a crocodile,one of the buffalows who thinks it is a crocodile starts poking the log an then steps onto it
The moose in the back continues to believe that it was a crocodile, not a log. The moose in the front continues to insist that it is a log. So to prove it, the moose in the back throws a rock at it, and then pokes it with a stick. It still does not move so then the moose in the back decides to jump on top of it.
the one who thinks it's a crocodile throws a stone at it then pokes it with a stick but the other one still thinks it's a log. To try and convince him it's a crocodile he splashes it then climbs on top
The animal which thought it was a crocodile has convinced itself it's not, and has jumped on the object.
two cattle were on the edge of the water when they spotted something. One thought it was a log, the other a crocodile. One tried to work out what it was by throwing a stone, prodding it with a stick, splashing water, and then finally by standing on it.
The buffalo is talking to the other buffalo. It is confused and contemplating whether it is a log or a crocodile. So they throw a stick into the pond to see what it could be but there was no response. One buffalo jumped onto it to check if it was a log or a crocodile.
The animal said it's a log and threw a stone at it to prove it. The other animal continued to insist it was a crocodile. The animal then poked it with a stick and finally jumped on the object.
The two wildebeest continued arguing about the identity of the object, with the one claiming it to be a crocodile throwing a stone at it, to no reaction. Thereafter, that wildebeest poked the object with a stick, still to no reaction. Finally, the wildebeest splashed water, then stepped on the object.
The cow that thinks the object in the water is a crocodile throws a rock a the object.  The two cows continue arguing with the other convinced it is a log.  The same cow after throwing the rock prods the object with a stick.  It then jumps on to the object.
There two cows at the river bank and they saw something in the river. One said it was a crocodile and the other said it was a tree trunk. They kept arguing about it and the one who said it was a crocodile threw a stone at it and nothing happened and it later poked it with a stick and there was no movement. It stood on it to see if it will move.
cattle have come to the edge of river bank and want to cross. There is something in the water that might be a log or a crocodile and one of the cattle pokes it to see if it is a crocodile or a log.
Two water buffalo are debating whether or not an object in a river is an alligator or a log. The water buffalo that insists it's an alligator and attempts to prove it by throwing a rock, splashing water, and then finally mounting the object in the river.
Water buffalo were trying to determine if an object was an alligator or a log. One thought it was a log the other thought it was an alligator. The one that thought it was an alligator threw a rock at it but it didn't move. So it poked it with a stick,  splashed water on it and even jumped on it but it still didn't move. This made the other Water Buffalo sure that this was a log.
The animals were looking at the lake and saw what appeared to either be a log or an alligator. Both animals were convinced that it was one or the other. At the end of the animals jumped on top of it to see what it was. 
The water buffalo are both still debating whether the object in the water is an alligator or a log. The left one throws a rock at it and then pokes it with a stick. Then it pokes it and jumps on top. Odd because it's the one that thinks it's an alligator.
The two wildebeast were still at odds as to whether or not the object in the water hole was a crocodile. The one who thought it was threw a stone but got no reaction. They followed this by poking the object with a stick but still no movement or response. Finally the wildebeast who though it was still a crocodile jumped on top of the object.n
The two moose were unsure what was in the water. One thought it was a crocodile. The other thought it was a log. They continue debating over it while trying to figure it out.
Two bison have reached a body of water with an object floating in it. One of them appears to think it is a crocodile or alligator; the other thinks it is a log. one of them steps on to the object. There is no initial indication that the object is animate.
The antelope were wanting to cross the water. One thought it was a crocodile, but the other was sure it was just a log. The one who thought it was a crocodile tried to prove it to the other antelope, by attempting to wake the crocodile up. 
The animal on the left continues to insist that the object in the water is an alligator, while the animal on the right continues to insist that it is a log.  The animal on the left first pokes the object with a stick.  Next, the animal throws a rock at it.  Finally, the animal jumps onto the object.  
The scene is set by a river and two bison are standing at the edge, they see something innthe water andfirst of all trhow a stone then splash water on it to wake it up ! Then one of them decideds to jump on the Crocodile !!
The same two cartoon animals from before are arguing over whether a mysterious lump in the water is a crocodile or a log. The one who keeps saying its a crocodile throws a rock at the lump and the lump remains unmoved. The one saying the lump is a log doubles down. The one who is still convinced the lump is a crocodile takes a stick and prods it and eventually stands on top of the lump to prove their point but the lump hasn't moved yet and we don't know what the lump truly is.
2 wilderbeasts at the rivers edge, are arguing if a floating object in the river is a crocodile or a log. One splashes, then throws a rock at the object, and finally jumps on it
Two water buffalo are arguing over what the object in the water is. One says an alligator, the other says a log. The one that thinks its an alligator throws a rock, pokes it with a stick, splashes water on it, and finally climbs on top in order to prove his point.
The bulls are trying to decide whether the floating object in the lake is a piece of wood or a crocodile, one of them pokes it with a stick but it doesn't help, so he jumps onto the object.
Two wildabeasts are by a lake deciding what this thing in the water is. One thinks its an crocodile the other thinks it's a log. The one who thinks its a croc throws later at it and rocks at it to see if it moves which it doesnt. The beast then jumps on it to see if it will awaken.
Two water buffalos are by a river. They are both discussing what the object floating in the water is one thinks it's a log and the other a crocodile. One of them throws a stone at the object and pokes it with a stick.
Starts off as very misty, pans to a group of buffalo standing near a lake. They are curious as to what the object in the lake is. They are wondering whether it is a log or a crocodile. They test it by poking it with a stick but the object doesn't move. One of the buffalo steps on the object.
Two animals are standing at the edge of a body of water. They are looking at something poking out of the water. One of the animals picks up a rock and throws it at the object poking out of the water. The rock bounces off of the object and falls into the water. A thought bubble appears over the animal's head with a picture of a log. The animal picks up a stick and pokes the object sticking out of the water. The object does not move. A thought bubble appears over the animal's head with a picture of an alligator. The animal walks forward and touches the object with it's hooves, and then proceeds to jump up and down on top of the object repeatedly.
Two buffalos were arguing that the object in the lake was a crocodile or a wooden log. So the 1st buffalo tried to poke at the object to prove his point. 
Both of the animals kept arguing over what was in the water. Was it an alligator or a piece of drift wood. One of them keeps poking it and threw water at it and then finally stood on it. 
There were two cows or oxes that were arguing about whether an object in the water was a log or a crocodile. To test it out, they threw a rock at it. When that didn't conclude anything, they poked it with a stick. Then one of the cows stepped on it. They didn't seem to be able to figure out what it actually was.
cow 1 threw a rock at cow 2 with a thought bubble claiming the object in the water was a crocodile. Cow 2 disagreed and had a thought bubble that it was a log. Cow 1 poked the object with a stick, so cow 2 had a thought bubble that it was a log again. Cow 1 jumped onto the object.
The two wildebeests are still arguing about whether or not the object in the water is a log or a crocodile. The one believing it's a croc splashes water on it in an attempt to convince the other of the truth. The object doesn't move. It then jumps onto the back of the object.
The 2 antelopes on the side of the water were discussing what was in the water. One side it was a crocodile and the other disagreed. The curious one on the left poked the object with a stick before jumping onto it..
There are two wildebeest near a river.  There is something floating in the river and the two wildebeest are trying to decide if it is a log or a crocodile.  They poke it with a stick and finally one of the wildebeest steps on it, probably thinking it is a log. 
The cow after throwing stone and a log of wood on the crocodile, decides to jump on its back as the crocodile did not move.
The two bison were still arguing about whether or not the thing in the water was a log or a crocodile. The bison on the right jumped on the thing.
Two buffalo stand at the edge of a bank, they are arguing about something that is currently floating in the water.  One believes it to be a alligator, one beliefs it to be a floating log.  The one that believes it's an alligator tests the floating object by poking it, throwing rocks at it, and standing on it.  
The two cows were trying to cross the river but there was something that looked oddly like a crocodile, or a log of wood. One threw a stone at it to see if it were a crocdile, then it poked it with a stick and then it splashed water on it
Two oxen have an argument about whether something floating in the water is a crocodile or a log. The one who think it's a crocodile throws a ball at it, then pokes it, then splashes water on it.
Two buffalo are at a water bank. They are debating rather or not an object in the water is an alligator or log. One of them throws a pebble and uses a stick to hit the object. After it doesn't move, one of the buffalos jumps on top of the object.
2 ox's are at the side of the creek. They look into the water and see what appears to be a log or an alligator. They're debating on what it could be and one decides to pick up a rock and throw it at the log alligator. The other  ox jumps onto it.  
The two wilderbeasts continued to disagree over whether the object in the water is a crocodile or a log. The wilderbeast that believes its a crocodile threw a stone at the object and then poked it with a stick.
The two bulls are still arguing over whether the half-shown object in the water is an alligator or log. The one that thinks it's an alligator pokes it with a stick and then jumps on it to make the final determination.
The two bulls between them either thought it was a log or a crocodile. One bull then throws stones to see if it moves which it does not. Then the bull that flung the stone stepped on to the rock.
Two wildebeests are standing at the edge of the water. There is something in the water. One of them says it's an alligator. The other says it's a stone. The first one throws a rock and nothing happens. They argue again. It then pokes it with a stick. Nothing happens. They argue a third time and the first one jumps on the object.
There are two steers that are standing at the edge of a riverbank and looking into the water. Bubbles appear over each steer indicating what they think an object in the water is; one thinks it's an alligator, while the other thinks it's a log. One of the steers pokes a stick at the object, but the object doesn't move.
The first buffalo insists that it is a crocodile, but the other buffalo disagres. The first buffalo then pokes the crocodile log with a stick before jumping on top of it.
The one moose decides to poke the reptile or log that is in the water. Nothing happens, so the one moose decides to stand on the park sticking up from the water. 
Two cartoon water buffalo were standing at the side of a stream looking at an object in the water. They were debating with one another whether the item in the water was a crocodile or a log. This was done in buffalo language- you new what they were saying because the mooing noises they were making were accompanied by pictures. They tried throwing a stone at the object and poking it with a stick but didn't agree on what the object was. 
The two moose's were arguing over the thing in the water being a log or crocodile. One moose then threw a rock at it and poked it with a stick. The moose is about to step on it.  
Two bulls are standing at the edge of a body of water, looking over a brown-green object that seems to be floating in the water. The bulls make sounds that convey a discussion. One of the bulls seems to think the object is a log, while the other bull thinks it's a crocodile. To find out, the bull that thinks it's a crocodile throws a stone to the object, but the object doesn't move. Then, the bull pokes it with a stick, but there's also no movement. Finally, the bull steps on the object.
The bulls are debating whether the object in the river is a log or a alligator.   One of the bulls is testing to see what it is by poking it with a stick and splashing it with water.
The two animals argued what was in the water. while one believed it was a crocodile, the other believed it was a log of wood. The first animal threw a stone at the object, poked it with a stick, splashed water on it. All this and the object remained in the same place. Finally, the animal climbed on top the stone
Scene starts of full of fog and as it clears you see to wildebeest. They are at what looks like a water hole and they are discussing and object in the water. One thinks its a crocodile and the other thinks its a log. The one who thinks it s a croc is poking it, splashing it with water, and eventually put his hooves on it.  
one of the cows says the object is a log and the other thinks its a crocodile. the cow who thinks its a croc throws a stone at the object, pokes it with a stick and then kicks water over it. it think jumps on top of the object.
The animal that thinks the object floating in the water is an alligator throws a rock at the object, then pokes it with a stick, then splashes it with water, before finally jumping onto the floating object.
The two animals continue their disagreement about whether the item in the water is a log or a crocodile, and so one of the animals hops onto the item after poking it with a stick.
The two bison still couldn't agree whether the object in the water was a crocodile or a log. The bison further away thought it was a crocodile whereas the bison nearest to us thought it was a log. The bison furthest away picked up a stick and prodded the object with it; the object did not move. It problem is still not resolved.
The two animals on the shore are looking at the log croc. They chuck a stick at it and both still believe differently. One of the animals picks up a stick and prods the log croc. They still believe differently. The animal that prodded the log croc has stood on top of it and nothing has happened to him.
Ah, you have missed quite the scene! So, while you were asleep, the movie focused on two bull animals by the riverside. They were standing near the water's edge. In the river, all they could see was the back of what appeared to be crocodile, just barely breaking the surface of the water. nThe two bulls began to argue about what it could be. One of them was convinced it was simply a log of wood, while the other was thinking it was a real crocodile lurking beneath the surface. Their debate grew intense as they exchanged arguments, each trying to persuade the other of their viewpoint.nIn a moment of boldness, the bull who believed it was just a log decided to test his theory. He picked up a stone and threw it into the water, hoping to prove that there was nothing to fear. He then jumped on the presumed log of wood.
There were two large bull-looking animals standing by a lake. They were looking at something peeking out of the water. They started debating on what it could be. One of them thought it was a crocodile due to its texture, the other thought it was just a large log what was half submerged. They started poking it and throwing stones to see what would happen whilst still arguing about it. The most it seemed to do was bob around a litte bit. One of the Bull-looking creatures ended up jumping on top of it, it does seem to be a log.
The left buffalo throws a stone at the object to see if its a log or a crocodile.  The buffalo also splashes water, but has no response from the object.
A pair of bulls were examining something in the water. One thought it was an alligator, the other thought it was a log. One of the bulls taps it with a stick and splashes some water over it to see if there's a reaction.
The two water buffalos continue to argue whether the object in the water is a log or a crocodile. They throw a rock at it, poke it with a stick, and finally the one that thinks it is a crocodile steps out onto its back.
Two buffalo bison are standing at the edge of a lake(body of water), and they see a shape in the water. They wonder crocodile? log and make humming noises of confusion to each other. Once throws a rock at it, and it moves a little bit, and then one pokes it with a stick. 
two buffalos wanted to cross the river they saw what one thought was a big piece of wood floating and the other thought its the back of a crocodile. one of the buffalos tried to get a response from the object by splashing water and poking it with a stick and finally took the leap of faith and stepped on it
There are some cows that seems to want to cross the river however there is a crocodile in the way. One cow started poking it with a stick then same cow jumped on the crocodile.
Cow 1 believes that the object in the water is a crocodile. The other cow believes that is it just wood. Cow 1 tries to prove his point that it is a crocodile by poking it, putting water on it, and standing on it. The other cow still thinks it is wood. 
There are two ox-looking animals standing by a body of water.  They are both looking at a shape in the water.  One thinks that the shape is an alligator, while the other thinks it is a log.  They argue about it, and even try to make it move by poking it with a stick and splashing water on it.  At the end of the clip, one of the animals ends up step into the water and on top of the mystery object.
The two, buffalo? are trying to decide what is in the water and while one thinks it's a crocodile, the other is convinced it's a log. They have a little debate and, amazingly, the one that thinks it's a croc, after prodding with a stick, climbs onto the croc log...
2 Moose were looking at an alligator in the water and they wanted to reach the alligator so they started poking it with a stick, but this did not work  - then one of the moose thought let's use a wood log to throw at the alligator.  They did not use the log, instead one of the moose jumped over the water onto the alligator.
Two cows are near a lake and they see something in the water. One cow thinks it's a log and the other thinks it's an alligator. The cow who thinks the object is an alligator kicks the object and then it pokes the object with a stick to see what happens. 
The 2 animals couldnt agree whether it was a log or a crocodile so one of them threw a rock and nudged it with a twig then jumped on top of it
The buffalo on the left saw the thing in the water and said its a crocodile, the buffalo on the right says no its a log, the buffalo one the right throws a stone on the thing and says its a crocodile, the buffalo on the left says its a log the buffalo on the right pocks the thing and than jumps on in but it still don not move.
the two wildabeast were arguing whether what was sticking out the river was a log or a crocodile. One threw a rock at it and did not move, then tried pocking it with a stick and nothing happened. Then finally jumped on it and then you woke up.
The two bison continued to argue about whether or not the thing in the water was a crocodile or a log. The bison that argued that it was a crocodile threw a rock in the water to see if the thing would move. It didn't, so the same bison poked the thing in the water with a stick. It still didn't move, so that same bison splashed some water on the thing and then jumped on top of it.
One wildebeest thought it was a log, but the other was sure it was a crocodile. He threws sticks and stones at it but it didn't move. He decided it was safe to stand on.
The two wildebeest are still arguing about whether the object in the water is a log or a crocodile. One of them takes matters into his her own hands ... after throwing a few pebbles at the object, and poking it with a stick, s he actually stands on the object!
Two animals are arguing about a rock-shaped entity that is floating at the shoreline. One thinks that it is an alligator, while the other believes it is a log. The animal that believes it is an alligator throws a rock & pokes it with a stick, but fails to get a response, causing them both to continue to argue that it is either an alligator or a rock. Finally, the one that thinks it is an alligator jumps on the entity.
The two bulls sitting on the shore believe that the object in the water is different things. One thinks is a log while the other  thinks is a crocodile. One of the bulls pokes the object with a stick and then sumps over it.
The two wildebeests that were standing on the bank of a river were arguing whether the thing in the water is a log or crocodile. The one wildebeest threw a stone at it but nothing happened. Then they poked it with a piece of twig. But still no response. Then the one wildebeest jumped on the thing in the water. 
the 2 animals were tyring to ascertain what was in the water, was it a log or a crocodile, one thought it was a croc the other a log so one of them decided to chuck something at it and splashed water and poked it with a stick to check if log or live croc
The conversation between the two cows continues. One cow thinks in the water it is a crocodile, the other cow is adamant it is a log. The first cow throws a stone at the item in the water but nothing happens. He then hits it with a stick but nothing happens. Lastly he stands on top of the item! 
The bulls are arguing over what the object in the water could be, an alligator or a log. The animals poke it with a stick and climb onto it to try to figure out what it is. 
2 buffalo can see something in the water. One thinks it's a log, the other thinks it's a crocodile. One of them pokes it to see if it is alive and then climbs onto it.
the two animals continued to debate if the thing in the water was a log or a crocodile. the animal that thought it was a crocodile threw a stone at it and got no reaction. it then splashed water on it and got no reaction so jabbed it with a stick and still got no reaction. the last thing that happened was the cow kinda animal stepping on to the thing floating in the water
The two cows continue having an argument over whether the object in the water is a log or a crocodile. The cow on the right hand side firstly picks up a rock and throws it at the crocodile   log. Nothing happens. It then picks up a stick and throws it at the crocodile   log. Nothing happens. It then splashes the crocodile log with it's leg and nothing happens. Finally, the cow jumps onto the log  crocodile while the other cow watches on. 
a sheep was trying to see if that was a ;pg or an alligator by throwing rocks at it and poking it with a stick before jumping on it
Two cows are standing by the edge of a lake, and are looking at something in the water. They are talking about weather it is an alligator or a log. The cow that thinks it is an alligator pokes it with a stick and then jumps on to it.
The bison are still deciding whether it is a log or a crocodile.  They poke it with a stick and eventually one climbs on it
two wielderbeast wher deciding whether it was a log or a Croc and one jumped on it
The two bulls were continuing to argue if the thing in the water was a crocodile or a log.  The one on the left poked it with a stick, which made the one on the right say that it was a log.  The one on the left started getting frustrated and insisted that it was a crocodile and started pushing on it with his front legs.  Then he hopped on top of it.
The buffalo at the back that thought it was a crocodile kept on insisting that it was while the other buffalo said it wasn't. The buffalo that thought it was a crocodile then threw a stone at it but with no reaction and then proceeded to poke at it with a stick and still there was no reaction so the animal then started to step out and onto the object.
There are two animals with antlers, I think they are deer's who are standing by the edge of a lake river. There is an object in the water close to where they are standing. They both grunt as to what this object could be. One describes it as a log and the other grunts as if it to say it is a crocodile. The deer who thinks the object is a crocodile throws a stone and the object does not move. The other deer grunts as if insisting it is a log. So the other deer pokes it with a stick and again, there is no movement. So he jumps onto the object. 
So the two animals continued to discuss whether the thing floating in the water was a log or a crocodile. One of them threw a stone at it. Then the same animal poked it with a stick and then splashed water at it. All the while continuing the argument of log or crocodile. Finally the animal that had been throwing things climbed onto the log crocodile.
The buffalo who thinks the object in the water throws a stone at the object for it to not react. The two buffalo argue over what the object is for the same buffalo to then poke the object with a stick and throw water on it for the object still not to react and for the buffalo still arguing over what the object is.
They continued to discuss whether it was a log or a crocodile. One of them threw a stone, and nothing happened, then he splashed water on it and prodded it with a stick, but still nothing. He then jumped onto the object, and that was it.
Two water buffalo see something in the water but disagree about what it  either a crocodile or a log. One throws a rock at it, pokes it with a stick, and splashes water at it but nothing happens so they continue to disagree. Finally, the one water buffalo stands on top of the thing.
the bulls are still trying to decide what the object in the water is. they have thrown a rock at it and poked it with a stick to help them decide. 
The 2 animals were trying to work out whether the submerged object was a crocodile or a log. One of them prodded it with a stick, then splashed it and lasttly jumped on top of it.
THERE ARE TWO BULLS NEXT TO WATER. THEY SEE SOMETHING IN THE WATER. ONE THINKS ITS A LOG, THE OTHER THINKS ITS AN ALLIGATOR. THEY BEGIN TO ARGUE WHO IS RIGHT, THEN TO PROVE WHAT IT IS THEY BEGIN TO THROW ROCKS AT IT, SPLASH WATER ON IT, EVEN JUMP ON IT.
The two moose or bison were wondering whether the thing they saw floating in the water was a log or a gator. They poked it with a stick and splashed water on it with no response, so one thought it must be a log so it jumped on it.
Two bison are trying to figure out if something in the river is a crocodile or a log. One of them jumps on top of it to see.
The two ox continued to argue about the thing floating in the water. The one ox is adamite that it is a crocodile. The ox throws a rock at the thing floating in the water and nothing. So the other ox is like its a log and the first ox is like no its a crocodile. The first ox then pokes it with a stick and nothing. So then the ox splashes water on it and nothing. The second ox is like its still nothing. This makes the first ox more determined so they put their front hooves on the thing in the water and then stand on top of it.
the mooses are trying to figure out what the item in the river is, if its a log or a alligator, they throw stones at it, poke it, and one of them even climbs on to it 
There were 2 antelope looking animals standing at a river side. They were trying to determine what the object in the water was, the one thought it was a crocodile and the other thought it was a log. The antelope who thought it was a crocodile poked the object with a stick several times and nothing happened, he then jumped on the object in the water. 
The two moose at the side of the river continue to debate if the object in the water is a log or crocodile. The one that thinks its crocodile pokes the object with a stick and throws a rock at it in the water, after the object does not move the moose that thinks its a crocodile goes into the water and climbs on top of the floating object.
The two cows continued to argue about whether the shape in the water was a croc or a log, with the croc-believing cow getting increasingly annoyed as it tried to demonstrate it was a croc by provoking it by throwing rocks and poking it with sticks.
There are two cows next to the water and they are discussing what the thing floating in the water is. One cow said it was a crocodile and the other said it was a log. They argued and the cow insisting it is a crocodile tried to poke the floating thing with a wood stick but it didn't move or react. And the same cow splashed some water to the thing and it still didn't move or react. 
The buffalo are discussing if the object in the water is a log or a crocodile. They throw rocks and poke it with a stick but nothing happens. One buffalo is still convinced it is a crocodile. That buffalo then steps on the object in the water.
Two buffalo type animals are looking at something floating in the water, one thinks the object is a crocodile the other thinks it is a log. They throw a stone at it, poke it with a stick, splash it and then one buffalo walks over onto the object
The cow moose (?) were wondering to each other whether the shape in the water in front of them was an aligator or not. The one furthest away chucked a stone at it, nothing happened they grunted at each other a bit more. The same one prodded it with a stick. Still no movement from the object so after a bit more grunting to each other he jumped onto it
There were two bulls on the shore of a river and they were debating if the object in the water was an alligator or a log. One of them threw a stone at it to see if it would move and it didn't. So then he poked it with a stick and it still didn't move. So then he finally stood on top of it and it didn't move.
The 2 Water Buffalo continue to argue about the object in the river, One buffalo throws a rock at it, pokes it with a stick and then splashes it. The same buffalo then steps onto the object.
One of the two bulls were trying to get into the dam by leaning on a wood. So, in their minds, the bulls thought that what they saw at the edge of the dam was a wood, not realizing that was a crocodile. As a result, one of the bulls eventually stood on top of the crocodile.
The left one asserts that it is a crocodile by first throwing a stick at the brown loggy looking item emerging from the river. The cow on the right makes  a sound and shows thought bubble indicating log. The left hand cow then pokes with a stick with a thought bubble suggesting crocodile but the other cow still thinks log. The left hand cow then with a moo sounding like look gets onto the log shaped item emerging from the river.
The ox that is trying to convince the other that it is a crocodile first throws a stone at the object, then pokes it with a stick, then splashes water on it in an attempt to prove to the others that it is a croc and not a log. The ox (that believes its a crocodile) then jumps on top of the object. 
Two oxen are trying to decide what the object in the water is. One says it is a gator and the other thinks it's a log. The one that thinks it is a gator, pokes it then jumps on it.
The two moose continued to disagree on the object in the water. The one who believed it to be a crocodile, first threw a rock at it. Upon the object remaining still, the the who believed it to be a log voiced this. The crocodile believer then prodded it with a stick. When the object remained still again, the log believer voiced this. The crocodile believer then splashed water on the object, and with a further rejection of his belief, leaped onto the object in an attempt to get to the truth.
The two bulls where talking about if it was a crocodile. Then one of the bulls started prodding the object with a stick to see if it was a crocodile. Then the other bull said it was a log. Finally the other bull through a pebble at the object and then jumped on it.
Two Wildebeest are arguing in grunts over whether or not a floating object in the river is a log or a crocodile. They keep prodding the object in question, trying to get it to move. When it doesn't, one Wildebeest leaps upon the back of this creature or log.
There are two water buffalo on the edge of a river, they are debating whether an object in the river is a crocodile or a log. The first buffalo then throws a rock at the object, they still believe their respective opinions on whether it is a crocodile or a log. Then the first buffalo pokes the object with a stick. Then the animal splashes the object with some water and then finally the animal jumps onto the object. Then they both agree that the object is a log, not a crocodile. 
to moose were on a river bank looking at an object floating in the water, one moose thought it was a crocodial floating in the water, the other moose thought it was a log of wood. the 1st moose the poked the object with a twig and it didnt move, he then put 2 of his feet on to the object and it still did not move
The two bisons are arguing if the thing in the water is a crocodile or a log. The one saying it's a crocodile throws a rock, pokes it with a stick and splashes water on it but nothing happens. He then jumps on on the thing.
Two water buffalo by a body of water were wondering what an object floating in the water in front of them was. One of them thought it was a crocodile and the other thought it was a log. One of the buffalo poked the floating object with a stick and when the object didn't move, the buffalo decided to step on top of the object.
Two animated water hogs are standing at the edge of some water. They see what looks like a log sticking out of the water. One water hog says that is is a crocodile (by using a speech cloud with a picture of a crocodile on). The other says that it is a log. The one that thinks it is a crocodile throws a stone at the log, pokes it with a stick and then splashes water on it. Each time it says it is a crocodile and the other disagrees and says it is a log. The one who thinks it is a crocodile decides to jump onto the log.
The cows dispute what the object in the water is. One throws a rock at it and pokes it. He climbs onto it.
The two buffalo continued to argue over whether the thing in the water is an alligator or a log. The one claiming alligator threw a rock, poked it with a stick, splashed it, then climbed on it. They continued going back and forth about alligator or rock with each thing.
2 wildebeast trying to find out if it was a log or a crocodile they was looking at 
The ox on the left is trying to determine whether the item in the water is a croc or a log. First, he taps it with a twig, then he splashes a bit of water on it, and then he steps on it a bit. 
Two yaks are on the banks of a river observing an object in the water. One yak thinks it's an alligator, but the other thinks it's a log. One yak throws a stone at it, but there is no response. That same yak then pokes it with a stick.
Two animals are staring at a shape in the water next to them, one of them thinks it is a log and the other thinks it is a crocodile. When one of the animals keeps saying it's a log, the other starts to poke it with a stick, but it doesn't move, the first animal then says it's a log again so the other animal starts pushing it and begins to climb on top of it.
Two bison were debating whether a mystery object in the river was a log or a crocodile. One bison pokes the object and proceeds to climb on top of it. 
Two cows were standing by the river wanting to drink some water. They saw something in the river . The other cow was saying its a log and the other said its a crocodile. The one cow who thought it was a log the took a plunge and got into the river and stepped on the item.
The two bison stand by the water one points at the object in the water thinking crocodile the other shakes their head no saying log.  The bison again thinks crocodile and throws a stone which bounces off.  The friend again thinks log the bison this time gets a stick and pokes the object thinking crocodile his friend thinks no log so in frustration flicks water at the object before he jumps on top of the object looking at his friend.
The two bulls are still disagreeing about whether the floating object is an alligator or a log. One of the bulls proceeds to throw a rock, a stick, splash the object with water, and climb on it's back to determine whether it is in fact an alligator or a log.
Two bison are trying to determine if a shape in the water is a log or a crocodile. The bison that fears the shape is a crocodile completes several tests, such as throwing a pebble and poking the shape with a stick, before finally jumping on the shape to see what happens. 
There two oxes. One of them was trying to convince the other the object in the water was a crocodile. Other ox thinks it's a log. First ox first throws a stone to the object. Other ox still believes it's a log. Then first ox touches the object with a stick, other ox still believes it's a log. Then first ox jumps on the object.
One of the cows threw a rock at the object and then poked it with a stick. The cows still were not sure whether it was a log or a crocodile but the object did not move. The first cow jumped accross the water to stand on the object.
As the argument over the essense of the object in the water continued, Musk Ox #1 first tosses a pebble on the mass, and it did not move.  Then he poked it with a stick, elicited the same non-reaction.  #1 splashed some water on the mass, then finally jumped onto it.
Two bulls are at the edge of a lake, looking at a potential alligator. They are discussing whether it is an aligator or a tree trunk. One of them pokes the potential alligator with a stick, it does't move. The other one claims it's a tree trunk, so he jumps on the top.
2 bulls were by a watering hole they seen something floating one thought it was a log and the other thought it was a crocodile
The bison continued to argue about what the thing in the water was, one saying it's an alligator and the other saying it's a log. The one that says it's an alligator threw a rock at it, pocked it, splashed it, and now just jumped on it to try to prove it's an alligator. 
Two Wildebeest argue over whether there is a log or a crocodile in the water. One is certain it is a log, the other that it is a crocodile, the other tries to prove it by getting on top of it.
The two buffalo are stood on the waters edge. They are communicating and wondering what the object in the water is. The buffalo on the left thinks it is an alligator and the buffalo on the right thinks it is a log. The buffalo on the left throws a small stone at the object and it doesn't move. They communicate again what they think the object in the water is. The buffalo on the left then gets a stick and pokes the object. The object doesn't move and again they communicate what they think it is. The buffalo on the left then puts its two front hooves on the object and steps on to it.
One wilderbeast is convinced that the object is a crocodile, while the other wilderbeast belives it is a log. The wilderbeast throws a rock at the object in the water, The wilderbeast throws a stick at the object in the water. The wilderbeast splashes water on the object, with no effect at all. The frustrated wilderbeast jumps on the object to try to prove his her point....
the horned animals thought a floating log might be a crocodile but then they realised it wasnt
The  wilderbest on the left says the object in the water is a log and the one on the right says its a crocodile. They go back and forth arguing then the one on the right pokes it with a stick and then jumps on the object.
two animals. one jumps onto the object to find out what it is.
Two buffalos are standing at the side of a river. In it is a log looking item. The thought bubbles show that one buffalo believes it to be a log, the other thinks that it is a crocodile.  The one who thinks it is a crocodile throws a stone at it. Nothing happens. He pokes it with a stick. Still nothing happens.  He then jumps on the 'stick'.
Two cows were at the river bank, about to drink water, when they suddenly noticed something in the river. The first cow exclaimed that it was a crocodile, but the second cow disagreed, insisting that it was just a stick.nAs they continued to argue, the first cow decided to test it. First, the cow threw a stone and then a stick a the object to see if it would shake or move, aiming to further prove that it was indeed a crocodile and not a stick as described by the second cow.nHowever, upon throwing both the stick and the stone, the object of their argument remained still
The two ox sat next to the lake and had a conversation whether the object in the lake was a log or an alligator. They debated back and forth, by poking it with a stick and splashing it with water. Lastly one of the Ox jumped onto the object, and nothing happened.
The cow on the left that thinks the object is a cros, throws a stone, then a stock at the object. Eventually he gets on top of the object. The other cow thinks its a log
The two wildebeest at the drink hole were drinking water, as they are drinking they notice something floating in the water. They start debating whether its a log or crocodile that they have spotted. The one wildebeest throws a stone towards the whatever it is that is floating in the water and there's no response. They debate further so the wildebeest then tries poking the thing in the water with a stick, still nothing. He then tries splashing it with water, nothing. He then jumps on it to see if it will repond.
The wildebeest continue to disagree over whether there is a log or a crocodile in the water. One of the animals throws a stone at it, then prods it with a stick, and finally jumps onto it.
The two animals are arguing over whether the thing in the water is a crocodile or a log. The first pokes the lump in the water and throws stones at it. Eventually it agrees with the second animal that it is a log and leaps on to it.
The wildebeest on the left tells the other wildebeest that the thing in the water is an alligator but the other wildebeest doesn't believe him so, the one on the left pokes the alligator with a stick but nothing happens. Then the wildebeest splashes some water but still nothing happens, so finally the wildebeest decides to jump on top of the alligator.
The cow throws a stone at what looks like a log in the water and nothing happens, it then prods it with a stick. Nothing happens again so the other cow says that it is a log, but the cow who was throwing stuff at it thinks it is an alligator. The first cow then flicks water at it and then stands on top of it. 
Two Wildebeest are standing in front of a body of water. There is an object sticking out above the surface. One Wildebeest thinks the object is an alligator or crocodile, while the other believes it is a log. One of the Wildebeest begins to poke it with a stick, splash water in the objects direction, and then jump on top of the object.
The buffalo were deliberating if the item in the water is wood or a predatory Allegator. They prodded it with a stick and got closer to take a look. 
The animals were discussing what the believed to be in the water, whilst one felt it must be a tree branch or a log the other was certain it may actually be a crocodile alligator. One of the animals then started to test the thing which is infact an animal by tapping it and splashing water
The two animals were debating on what was in the water. One thought it was an alligator and the other thought it was a log. So one of the cows started poking the mysterious object with a stick and it did not respond and then he or she jumped on top of it. 
The two characters were trying to decide if it was an alligator or a log in the water.  They threw a pebble and stick at it.  Then one of them jumped on it.
The cows still don't know if it's an alligator or a log. They throw things and poke at it and nothing. So the cow jumps on the alligator log. 
Two animals are attempting to cross a river.They are unsure whether there is a crocodile in front of them or a tree and are trying to tell the difference.
One of the cow, the one closed to the river specifically was trying to test the object inside the river to see if it was a crocodile or a wood. so, He did by picking up a rock and threw it on the object in the water. He as well used it fore leg to test it.
The left buffalo insisting the object in the water is a crocodile throws a rock, but the right buffalo still thinks it's a log. The left buffalo pokes the object with a stick, again insisting it's a crocodile. The right buffalo is unconvinced. The left buffalo jumps on top of the object in the water.
Two wildebeest where at the river bank and they saw something afloat the river one said its crocodile and the other wildebeest said it a log of wood. The first wildebeest threw a stone at the thing floating in the river hoping to see if its a crocodile or a log o wood but nothing happened and the other wildebeest said its a wood. The first wildebeest then used a piece of wood to poke it the thing afloat and nothing happened then it jumped on the back of the thing that was floating
