Sarah saw Keith puling Patrick's dead body away and fainted.
Sarah faints when she sees Patrick's dead body. Keith is still trying to drag Patrick's body onto the ladder outside.
Sarah, having seen Reynolds dragging Campbell towards the window, faints and collapses to the floor. Reynolds seems relieved she did not suffer the same death as the less attractive green figure (Ruth Charles), but is disappointed nonetheless that Sarah had not shown a more receptive and accepting response. Reynolds ignores everything else and continues to pull Campbell out the window onto the ladder. Reynolds has exited first and is standing on the ladder, pulling Campbell through. 
As Patrick steps over sarah to get down stairs, he decides to use the rope he had seen on the 5th floor to move the body and avoid security downstairs. Emma is also bring some files to Keith, she sees Keith with patrick's body. The narrator shares that she looked at Keith in a way no woman had ever looked at him before while staying silent, Keith wonders if she likes the silent type and dreams of here running into his arms. She faints instead and Keith heads for the rope saying he would be lost without Emma
Sarah saw Keith pulling Patrick towards the ladder. She is shocked and faints. Keith thinks the strange way she looked at him before she fainted meant she was attracted to him. He tugs the body out on to the ladder.
Sarah caught Keith dragging Patrick's body around. He fantasizes about her liking him despite the fact that he murdered Patrick. Sarah faints and Keith pulls Patrick's body out the window onto a ladder to take him down.
Sarah fainted as she saw Keith Reynolds with the dead body. He said it was okay as she would live to die another day. Keith Reynolds started to drag Patrick Campbell's body out of the window and onto the ladder.
Sarah see keith with patricks dead body and they both stare into each others eyes. sarah then faints just below the stairs. keith then drags patricks death body outside and down the ladders of the building.
Keith pulls green mans body to the window to go down the ladder.  Sara sees him and faints.
Sarah spotted Keith dragging Patrick's dead body towards the window. keith was hoping she would run into his arms, but instead she fainted. Keith took Patrick out on the ladder, where he then came to a realization.
Sarah ran into Keith as he was dragging the body out of the room towards the ladder and window. Sarah paused and fainted, just like Ruth, as she saw Patrick's dead body on the floor.
keith is going to carry the body down a ladder outside the building, sarah comes up and see him and the body and faints. keith carrys on moving patricks body
keith is dragging the body to a window where there is a ladder positioned. as he is dragging him, a woman spots him. She looks at him, and feints almost immediately. he begins to haul the mans body over the edge of the window, onto the ladder. The narrator is explaining what is happening, he explains how the woman pauses before she feints, how she looks at him in a way no other woman has looked at him, and that once she feinted, unlike last time, this time would not be fatal, and that maybe feinting was a symptom of women seeing dead bodies. 
Sarah sees Keith with patricks body. Keith wishes she would run into his arms, but instead faints when she sees the dead body. Luckily she will survive. Keith pulls keiths body onto the ladder
Keith decide to be silent as he met her on the stairs, she fainted and fell down the stairs Keith guessed dead bodies have that effect on women. Keith pulled Patrick out on to the ladder he suddenly realize
Sarah saw keith and patrick, and she fainted. Keith is bringing Patrick out the window
Sarah runs into Keith dragging Patrick's body. In shock, she faints. Keith wonders what she would do without her, and then proceeds to throw Patrick's body out the window. As he does this, he suddenly realises something.
Sara sees Keith dragging Patrick's body and faints.  Keith then continues to try to drag Patrick's body to the outside ladder.
keith was moving the body of prick towards a ladder next to the window. whilst doing this sarah appears and looks at keith. she sees the dead body of patrick and then faints. keith longs for her to kiss him. in the meantime he continues to move the body of patrick to the ladder. 
Sarah sees Keith pulling Patrick to the outside ladder. she faints. Keith presumes dead bodies have that effect on women. He continues to drag Patrick all the way out to the window
Sarah comes into the room where Keith is standing with Patrick's dead body. Keith still is thinking romantic and happy thoughts about Sarah, and thinks she is looking at him in a way she has never looked at him before. But she faints, thankfully not on the stairs but just on the floor and so is not dead. Keith decides to continue out the window and down the ladder with Patrick's dead body, realizing something...
Keith decides to take the ladder with Patricks body to avoid security at the ground floor. As he does that he sees Sarah, they look at eachother for a moment  before she then faints herself.After then Keith procceeds to take Patricks body out onto the elevator. 
Sara stands stock still, taking in the scene in front of her, saying nothing. Keith still thinks this might work in his favour, but Sara then faints. Luckily she wasn't on the stairs (like Ruth had been) so she didn't actually die. Keith accepts that women just don't like seeing dead bodies! He is just about to put Patrick on the conveniently-located ladder when he realises something!
Sarah sees Keith dragging Patrick's dead body towards the window with a ladder. They do not speak, and Sarah suddenly drops to the ground, fainting. Keith wonders whether this is the effect a dead body has on women. He starts to drag Patrick's corpse through the window, before suddenly realising something.
Keith was witness trying to hide the body by a woman he is interested in. She faints, but he continues to try and remove the body.
Sarah caught Keith moving Patrick's body and she passed out?
As Keith is dragging Patricks body down the stairs, Ruth comes up and sees him. She rolls her eyes at him, collapses and falls down the stairs. We presume dead? Keith is careful not to step in her blood. He rethinks his plan and decides to take Patricks body down by the ladder he's spotted so he doesn't have to go past security. At the same time Sarah decides to go see Patrick and goes up the stairs. She see them and freezes and gives give a look. He then fantasizes about her, but she faints
Sarah ends up fainting at the sight of the dead body. Keith starts to climb out the window dragging Patrick's body with him.
Keith bumps into sarah, she saw the dead body and fainted died too. he's about to take Patrick down the ladder outside. 
Keith is trying to move Patricks body when he is witnessed doing so.The women faints.
