Keith kills his colleague in the elevator, the one who just got promoted and was kissing Keith's crush. Keith wanted to take the body home through the stairs but another female colleague was going up to the 7th floor to use the toilet because it was nicer and Keith hears the sound of someone coming.
Keith attacked Patrick in the elevator and killed him. He is trying to bring the body home to hide it until he figures out what to do.
Reynolds has murdered Campbell in the elevator and decides that his best option is to try and hide the body at his home. He drags Campbell from the elevator deeper into the 3rd floor. Meanwhile, a  slightly darker green and less attractive lady from a lower floor begins to ascend the stairs because she needs to relieve herself in a bathroom. She has a preference for the 7th floor bathroom due to the nicer soap option. 
Patrick gets in the life with Keith, as patrick exits the lift, keith says 3 rude wrds to him. He immediately regrets it and apologises as Patrick comes back in and attacks him. Keith fights back and kills patrick with his briefcase. Ruth also needs the toilet on the 7th floor as it's her favourite and starts to walk towrds the lift. Keith is pulling patrick out of the lift and planning to take his body home to dispose of him.Keith is worried someone may call for the lift
Keith killed Patrick in the lift by hitting him over the head with a briefcase. He decided to take the body home and heads for the stairs. another employee, Ruth, who wishes to go to the bathroom with the nice soap dispenser is also heading towards the stairs.
Keith kills Patrick. A woman on a lower level floor has to go to the restroom. She likes the one on the higher level floors. She decides to walk up the stairs to hold her new years resolution. Keith drags Patrick and decides to take him home.
Keith Reynolds murdered Patrick Campbell (green ma) in the lift, with his briefcase. Ruth from accounts too to the stairs as she needed the toilet on the 7th floor. She liked these toilets as they had a better soap dispenser. Keith Reynolds has decided to take Patrick Campell home in order to have a think about what to to with the body.
keith reynolds has beaten campbell to death and is now in the elevator with him wondering what to do with him. A co-worker is making her way to the seventh floor to the restroom. Meanwhile reynolds is not dragging the dead body from the elevator.
The green man gets on the elevator with Keith.  Keith can see the other mans smug reflection in the door.  Keith tells the man to go f*%$# himself.  The other man takes offense and punches Keith.  Keith loses it and beats the green man to death. He decides to take Keith's body home while he figures out what to do with it. Meanwhile a woman on another floor takes the stairs to go up to the 7th floor restroom. 
Keith Reynolds beat Patrick to death. Ruth needed to use the restroom with a nicer dispenser, so she decides to take the stairs this particular day (part of her New years resolution). Keith decides to take Patrick back to his house in order to dispose of his body.
Keith killed Patrick in the elevator after they got into their fight. Meanwhile, Ruth on the 1st floor was going up the stairs to use the bathroom on the 7th floor. Keith planned to take Patrick's body home to try to dispose of the body, and he decided to take the stairs instead of the elevator.
keith kills patrick in the life, and starts to take to body home to dispose of it via the stairs. someone else is going up the stairs to use the toilet
the man and keith were in the lift together, where Keith is in the process of beating the man to death. The camera pans down and shows a woman downstairs, taking the stairs up to her favourite bathroom. the narrator explains that keith has decided to take the other man home, down via the stairs, until he decides what to do with the body.
keith and patrick still fighting in the lift, Keith realises he has killed patrick and puts his black hat on him. meanwhile ruth from accounts needs the loo and likes the one on the 7th floor as had a better soap dispenser. Her new years resolution is to take the stairs - so she does. Keith also decides to take Patrick home while he decides what to do with his body and decides to take the stairs
In the hit of the moment, they exchanged blows and he realized he had just killed Patrick, he thinks of how to dispose Patrick, so takes the stares
keith killed patrick and is now trying to bring the body home before anyone sees it. 
Whilst fighting in the lift, Keith ends up killing Patrick. He then wonders if Sarah would like a ''man' man'. The video cuts to a different floor, where the character Ruth is introduced. She wants to use a toilet that is not on her floor, so she takes the stairs instead of the lift, so as to fulfill her New Year's resolutions. Going back to Keith, he decides to hide Patrick's body, and to do this he chooses the stairs.
Keith ends up killing Patrick.  He decides that he needs to bring the body home.  Ruth has just called the elevator and will see the bloody mess.
keith hits patrick in the lift and kills him. he tries to move the body but its hard work. in the meantime a girl called ruth from accounts is going up the stairs for something. keith is wanting to take the body from the lift and take it home.
Wild - Keith kills Patrick! In the lift, Keith kills Patrick.He hits him in the head with his briefcase. We then pan to Ruth on the ground floor, who wants to use the bathroom on the 7th floor. Ruth walks toward the lift, and we expect she's going to take it, but at the last minute the narrator explains she is working towards her NYR and therefore takes the stairs. Keith decided to take Patricks body home until he knows what to do with it
Keith Reynolds and Patrick Campbell were fighting in the elevator, Keith took it too far and ended up killing Patrick Campbell!! The camera cuts to a woman named Ruth who needs to use the toilet but likes the toilet best on the seventh floor, she decides to take the stairs. Keith decides to take Patrick's body home with him until he can figure out what to do with it, he takes Patrick's body to the stairs. 
Keith kicks Patrick on the ground in the head thereafter hits him really hard on the head with a brief case and so killing him. on the lower floor Ruth wants to use the bathroom but takes the stairs since it was her new years resolution to do so. Keith decides to take the body using the stairs this time and as this is happening you then woke up.
The fight in the elevator concludes with Keith actually killing Patrick. There's blood everywhere. Keith decides to take Patrick's body home with him (where he will presumably come up with a plan of action). He decides to take the stairs. But there's a problem - Ruth from accounts has chosen this very moment to use the stairs on her journey up to the seventh floor toilet. It may well be that their paths will cross!
Keith Reynolds kills Patrick Campbell with a suitcase, wondering if Sarah likes a 'weathered' man. Meanwhile, a woman from accounts decides she needs the toilet, her favourite in the building being on the 7th floor, as it has the best soap dispenser. She takes the staircase up, due to her new year's resolution.
Keith has just killed the person that got the promotion instead of him. He is not trying to hide the body using the stairs, but someone is also using them.
During their fight, Keith killed Patrick and he panicked. So he had to do something. And at that time someone from another floor decided to go to a bathroom. And Keith got Patrick's body out of the lift. 
They are having a fight in the elevator. Keith pushes Patrick to the floor and kneels stamps on him. He picks up his briefcase, raises it and knocks Patrick on the head. Keith has killed Patrick. He decides to move the body out of the lift and down the stairs until he can take it home. Meanwhile a lady on a lower floor needs the bathroom. She prefers the one on the same floor as Keith is. Due to her new years resolution she takes the stairs...
Keith ends up killing Patrick, A woman on a few floors below starts climbing the stairs to get to the Bathroom on a higher floor. Keith starts dragging Patrick's body up the stairs in an attempt to hide it.
Keith has killed Patrick. He's going to take him out of the building by the stairs. But a lady on another floor needs the toilet and shes decided to take the stairs rather than the lift. 
The man (Keith) fights with the man that got the promotion.Keith kills him and is attempting to hide the body.
