Sarah fainted at the sight, but she lives, Keith begins taking patrick out the window and down the ladder
Sarah fainted. Then Keith tried to take Patrick's body onto the ladder, but then realised that he was probably not alone in wanting the promotion.
Sarah faints when she sees Keith with the body. He wished she would have kissed him but it was not meant to be. She falls harmlessly on the floor and is ok. He then climbs onto the ladder outside and is thinking about how many others in the building want what he wants out of life like a good job and a nice wife.
Sara faints on the floor when he seeing Keith with Patrick's lifeless body. Keith proceeds to drag Patrick's body on to the ladder while thinking about how many people also want a great life with a great job and beautiful woman. 
Sarah faints after seeing Keith with Patrick's dead body. Keith leaves her on the floor and drags Patrick's body to the window where there is a ladder propped up against the wall. Keith climbs out, the hauls Patrick over his shoulder and drops Patrick's body down to the ground. He is preoccupied with the look that Sarah had given him and is wondering what she is thinking. However, as Keith lets go of Patrick's body, the long ladder comes away from the wall and Keith is left balancing at the top.
The woman rather than expressing her feelings when she found him with the dead body fainted. He headed for the leader and in doing so began to have an epiphany about his job, and how many others would like to be in the position he is in with or without promotion, he's left hanging on the ladder after dropping the dead body to the ground. We see a janitor cleaning on the floor below, perhaps aiding Reynolds thoughts on the ladder outside.
Sarah sees Keith dragging Patrick towards the ladder outside the 5th floor window.  She faints and the narrator tells us she'll live to die another day as she wasn't on the stairs.  Keith drags the body on to the ladder and starts to climb down but he loses grip of the body and we see it fall down out of the scene.  The narrator tells us that Keith is just looking for what most of us want, a good job, wife and happiness.
The lady going to the washroom saw the main character with the dead body and she collapse and fell off the stairs and died. Sarah, the lady the main character was interested in decided to move to Patrick's office to see him and ended up seeing the dead body and the main character and she also collapsed. the main character took the body down the ladder so no one sees him and the body fell. 
Sarah sees Keith dragging the body and she faints. 
Sarah see's keith pulling patrick along the floor !  he wishes she would come over to him and kiss him ! but she faints and the keith takes patrick to the ladder andclimbs on it thinking all he wanted was a great life with a beautiful wife !
As Keith continues to drag the body of Patrick, Sarah enters the room and sees what is happening.  She faints, though she isn't on the stairs and is likely okay after the fall.  Keith then tries to take Patrick's body down a ladder on the outside of the building in an attempt to not be seen by security.  He drops the body however and it falls to the ground as he hangs on the ladder.  He thinks about how everyone in life probably wants the same things like love and professional stability. 
Sarah sees keith with patricks dead body and faints, shes ok as she only faints onto the floor. Keith climbs out of the window onto the ladder with patricks body and then drops it. As he walks down the ladder he sees a cleaner on another floor and realises everyone wants the same thing he does, a good job and an attractive wife.
sarah fainted after she saw keith and patrick dead body. Keith took patrick towards the ladder and his body fell while keith maintained balance on the shaky ladder whilst being in deep thoughts
As Ruth is on the stairs she sees Keith coming down, with blood on his clothes and dragging the dead body of Patrick with him. She faints at the sight, falls down the stairs and is presumed dead. Keith then changes his plan after noticing a ladder outside the window of the 5th floor. Going this way will avoid him going past security on the ground floor. As he is about to climb out of the window onto the ladder with the body of Patrick, Sarah appears during her trying to see Patrick whom she hasn't seen for some time. Keith fantasises that Sarah will suddenly show her feelings for him but she just faints at the sight. His fantasy is not fulfilled. Instead he realises that all you need is a great job, beautiful wife and happiness. 
Sarah faints after what she sees. Keith then leaves through the window and climbs down the ladder with the body. He sees another employee through the window while climbing down and thinks to himself that everyone must want a good job and a beautiful wife just like he does.
Sarah finds Keith with Patrick's body after she heads up to give some files to Patrick and see him. Sarah faints and hits the floor after seeing the two. Keith throws Patrick down the ladder before heading down himself.
sarah saw keith dragging patric's body and fainted , keith apologised to her and proceeded to go to the window and tossed patric's body out the building, he lost his footing and is dangling by a rope
Dragging Patrick's body, Keith is seen by a co-worker. This would end with her dead on the stairwell and Keith having to step over her so as not to step in her blood. While dragging Patrick's body to another area, Keith sees Sara who happens to be on her way to see Patrick just because. They stare at each other while Keith thinks endearing thoughts about what Sara might be thinking. Sara faints and Keith decides he'll drop Patrick's body out of the window, while Keith continues to think crazy thoughts about humanity. 
Upon seeing Keith dragging Patrick's lifeless body, Sarah (not Anna) faints. Luckily she is clear of the stairs so she won't accidentally die like Ruth did. Keith gets on the ladder out of the window and starts dragging Patrick's body with him. As they are going down the ladder Keith realizes that a lot of the people in the building probably want the same thing he  A good job, happiness, a family, etc... While Keith is thinking about this, Patrick's body falls off of the ladder and the ladder pulls away from the building. Keith is still on the ladder.
Sarah fainted on the floor - not dead.  keith dragged patrick out of windows and onto ladder where he dropped him down
Sarah after catching Keith with Patricks body just stares silently and then fainted so she is a witness. She fainted clear of the stairs so is still likely alive and isn't hurt unlike Ruth. Keith quickly left and didn't check on or hurt Sarah, he left her alone and he tugged Patricks body out of the building and then Keith thought about how everyone likely just wants the same things in life he does, a good job, a partner and ultimately happiness.
Sarah fainted, but no harm was done. Keith continues to take Patrick out to the ladder, but almost falls. Keith is then looking into the window where the Janitor is working, but thankfully his back is turned.
Ruth sees him while she is on the staircase. She faints  and hits her head on the way down. Keith then takes Patrick's body down the stairs and notices a ladder on the 5th floor that he uses. This way he avoids security on the ground floor to. nnAround the same time Sarah is missing Patrick and decides to take him some files as an excuse to see him. She then sees Keith with Patrick's body and she to faints but not on any stairs ... so she will live. As Keith climbs down the ladder, he drops Patrick's body and realises something....
Keith Reynolds is moving the body when his love interest sees him. She faints. Keith takes the body outside to the ladder and begins to climb down while thinking about his life.
Sarah sees Keith stood next to the window with Patricks dead body. Sarah faints but doesn't die, unlike Ruth. Keith escapes out of the window and down a ladder. As he descends he contemplates his life goals.
Sarah enters the 5th floor office and faints at the sight of Keith with the dead body of Patrick. Keith manages to take Patricks body out onto the ladder. He thinks about the important things in life as he takes the body down the ladder.
that keith guy needs to be arrested
Sarah faints when she sees keith and the dead body. Keith is grateful it was not on the stairs so she didnt die.nKeith pulls Patrick onto the stairs outside the window and drops Patricks body down the stairs.  Keith begins to climb down the ladder while pondering his life and what he and others want
Keith's love interest fainted.  Then Keith drags the body out the window and drops it.  While doing so Keith realizes a lot of people want happiness in life
As Keith Reynolds the main character  finds a way to get the body of Patrick Campbell while avoiding security, Sarah sees Keith. Keith thought about saying something to Sarah but he did not, Sarah looked at him in a way no woman has ever done and he wished Sarah would like him, run into his arms and kiss him and tell him she likes him the way he is but Sarah fainted. Keith Reynolds the main character then took the body of Patrick the person that took his promotion, down the ladder. As Keith took Patrick down the ladder, he realizes that a lot of people want the same he does which is a great job, a beautiful wife and healthiness
