Keith is balanced on the ladder, unmoving. The narrator describes Keith's feelings looking at the building for the last time after 8 years of work. He then looks at Barry, someone he has never seen before and shortly Barry looks back at Keith. 
keith was just on the ladder and noticed a man he has never seen before. the guy mopping the floor turned and looked at him and they were both staring at eachother. 
keith is on a ladder
Keith continues to hold on the rope while staring at Barry while he is cleaning and thinks about his life at the company where he has been.  Barry then looks back at Keith as he is hanging outside the window watching him
Keith balanced on the ladder outside, after pushing Patrick's body to the ground. Keith thought about his life and how Patrick had it all in an instance - the promotion, the beautiful girl, and it all vanished in just a moment. 
After you fell asleep, Keith notices a janitor while looking at the building. He has a moment of clarity and realizes it can all be taken away in an instant. He balances on the ladder and just stares at him for a while. 
As keith is climbing down he thinks about how everyone wants what he wants and how it takes a moment to ruin your life , he then sees a guy mopping and they stare at each other while keith is still on the ladder in a balanced  weird way.
Keith had a staring contest with Barry.
While keith is on the ladder outside the window he ponders his life. He thinks about the last eight years of his life and his job in the building. He thinks of all the people in the building who just want the same things as he does in life. As he is doing this he sees a man who he hasnt seen before. Its a man mopping the floors called barry. Barry has been mopping whilst Keith has been pondering. Barry sees keith through the window. They are both looking at one another.
As Keith was balanced on the ladder and saw Barry a man that he had never seen before as he balanced himself thinking one moment you can have everything and the next all can be taken away.
the cleeaner saw kit on the ladder
Keith has a realization as he balances on the ladder and comes to the conclusion that most people have similar desires in their lives. He sees a coworker that he has never seen before mopping the floor and they stare at one another for a hushed moment.
Keith is watching a janitor while reflecting on his own doings. He's balanced outside the building.
Keith is hanging outside the window, contemplating his life. He is seen and sees another coworker he has never seen before called Barry who is doing the mopping.
Keith looks at the building and notes it as the place he has been working for the past 8 years. It is then that Keith sees a man he has never seen before through the window inside. It is Barry, whose job it is to mop the floors. Barry notices Keith and finds the moment surreal. Keith is balanced on the ladder outside the window.
Keith was hanging on the ladder and he saw the cleaner and they looked at each other. 
Keith is just balancing on a ladder and questioning life while looking at the janitor whom he has never met before.
Keith looks at the building and sees a man he has never seen before, Berry. Berry is mopping the floor.nKeith just balances on the ladder. 
Some reason Keith just balancing on the ladder as he see's some guy called Barry cleaning.
A janitor catches keith who is climbing down using the rope outside of the building. 
keith is stuck on the ladder  and looks through the window to see barry the cleaner mopping the floor, barry looks strange at keith balanced there
Keith, leaning on the robe outside the building, saw one of the employees, Berry, who was a cleaner and reminded him of the 8 years he spent in the organization he was working in.
Annotator mentions how things can change in just a moment and how people just want a good job and nice wive. Keith balances on the ladder while looking through the window and sees Barry. Barry stares at him not quite understanding why he is on a ladder and looking at him.
The woman Keith had a crush on saw him and her dead lover and passed. Keith hauled the body down the ladder but dropped him. He was hanging onto the ladder when a janitor saw him through the window. He reflected on how most people want the same things and how easily they were lost.
Keith Reynolds stood balanced on the ladder and looked at the building he had worked at for 8 years.  He saw a man he hadnt seen before.  Barry a janitor looks out at barry in disbelief at seeing someone balancing on a ladder  
patricks body falls. keith contemplates life while balancing on a ladder, the janitor looks and sees him.
Keith went down the ladder and noticed someone he never saw before in an office window below. It was Barry a janitor. Barry noticed Keith coming down the ladder and was awestruck. Keith contemplated his life while balancing himself on the ladder, seemingly almost ready to fall to his death.
As Keith is hanging on the ladder he sees someone he hasnt seen before. It turns out its Barry the cleaner who looks out and sees keith hanging there
Keith looks at the building as he balances on the ladder. He sees someone he has never seen before. It is Barry who is mopping the floors. Barry is shocked to see Keith just balancing on a ladder outside the window. 
Keith was balanced on the ladder and met eyes with Berry who was mopping the floor. 
