The worker or clearer working on the outside of the building who got the coffee tossed on him fell. The HR guy on the floor below saw the guy fall and got up from his desk to look out the window before calling an ambulance. Meanwhile Keith rode the elevator up to the top story to speak to the boss. He's confident, thinks he's a shoe-in for the promotion. He passes another co-worker leaving the bosses' office as Keith goes in. That Co-worker is the one who actually got the promotion and he goes to tell the girl Keith was just with. Meanwhile Keith starts his meeting with the boss.
keith is a junior business manager or worker at this office tower building, there's a lady he likes and he tries to give her coffee each work day to woo her, she declines the coffee always. but she pours the coffee out on a guy on the outside of the 4th floor window and people see it and they call for help, keith didn't see it and proceeds into the elevator to sign a contract thing. 
Bill finds out that it was someone falling outside and calls an ambulance, Meanwhile, Keith Reynolds is in the elevator admiring his reflection. He pictures a golden handshake after signing on the dotted line. As this happens, Patrick Campbell goes into the room with a special someone - Keith's secretary.
Keith reynolds gave the girl a cup of coffee. She threw it out the window as she did not want it and it spilled on someone. A man on the second floor saw the man fall and rung an ambulance. Keith reynolds went in the lift to shake hands and sign for his promotion. Patrick campbell just left the office after being given good news and a handshake. He goes to tell the girl the good news.
The guy on the lower looks out of window to see it was someone falling past. He calls an ambulance. Nick takes the elevator to the office of his boss, staring at himself in the reflection, imagining the handshake with his boss when he gets the promotion. When he arrives at the office of his boss another colleague Pat Campbell is leaving. Pat has good news and wants to share it with someone special. He takes the elevator to Keith's office 
Keith went upstairs in anticipation for his promotion and the handshake was somewhat weak. Also, Bill saw someone fall from the window. Finally, another employee had some really great news and was going to share it with a female coworker. 
Bill saw someone, not something. Thats all we are told. Keith goes upstairs. Phil who is already on the 8th floor is coming back down, hes been told hes getting a promotion. Keith is imagining he will get the promotion as he sees Phil. We then discover Phil is seeing Janie as he goes back down to tell her the good news . Then you woke up
someone jumped out a window and an ambulance was called. Keith Reynolds went to the top floor to shake someones hand. Someone past him and went down the elevator to tell the woman that keith likes some good news
Keith travelled up a number of floors in the lift to go to his meeting. Meanwhile Patrick exited the meeting room and travelled down to tell the woman that Keith is interested in some good news. In the meantime, Keith has received a handshake, however this was weaker than he expected.
Someone in HR phones an ambulance. Keith is going up to his floor and imagining his promotion. Patrick Campbell has just received some good news and is on his way to tell someone (Sarah I think).
Keith got into the office building to get his promotion as usual, met with the boss, and got the promotion. After getting the promotion, Keith decided to go share the good news with his crush hoping to win her over with it.
Keith pulls up to work hoping to get a promotion from his employer, he was also  looking forward in telling his love interest. But his co worker Patrick gets promoted and goes to tell Keith's love interest that he got promoted.
A man falls off a ladder outside. Someone goes to check. Keith goes up the elevator and checks his reflection in the mirror. Another man comes out of the managers office and passes Keith. This other man goes down the elevator and goes to the woman the Keith likes. Keith shakes hands with the manager.
They grey man sees the orange man fall and calls an ambulance. The blue man gets ready to go in to see his boss. A green man coming from that room takes the elevator down and seems pleased, like he just got the promotion and approaches the pink woman. The blue man went into shake hands with the boss and the narrator is in the middle of saying it was a weak handshake.
The person in HR checked to see if it was a person failing outside, and called an ambulance.  We see Keith going up in the elevator to the top floor.  As he leaves the elevator, someone else walks past him having just been meeting the boss.  He goes down in the elevator to speak to the person Keith was flirting with.nKeith goes to meet the boss, and gets an unencouraging weak handshake.
Someone fell or jumped from an upper storey window and an ambulance was called. In the meantime the hero made his way up in the lift to the top floor, in expectation of a promotion. As he arrived and other man left after shaking his boss by the hand. This man went down in the life to speak to the lady our hero has set his heart on. He is going to tell her he has had good news. The hero arrives in front of his boss and is given a weak handshake.
The man who was looking at the elevator shaft realizes that the shape falling was a person but seems un-phased. Our main character heads up to a meeting on a higher floor and as he does, another individual leaves and heads back down to the floor where our main character's crush is. We are anticipating that the individual who left is going to begin flirting in some way with the woman our main character likes. 
The manager who saw the person fall from the roof calls 911. Keith Reynolds is visualizing the handshake that would mean his promotion as he rides up in the elevator. Meanwhile, a green man, Patrick Campbell has good news to whom he is going to share with the pink secretary that Keith Reynolds was enamored with.
A man sees that a person fell past his window and calls the police. Keith Reynolds anticipates his promotion, fantasizing about signing with a heavy gold pen, and shakes hands with someone important. Patrick Campbell got unspecified good news and went to tell the coworker (a special someone) who Keith Reynolds also has a crush on.
The guy from HR realises that it is a person who just fell past the window, so calls for an ambulance. Meanwhile, Keith has made it up to the second floor and walks into the interview room. We then cut downstairs and see the previous interviewee approach the woman that Keith was trying to woo. We then head back to the second floor and see Keith shake hands with his interviewer in what is described as a weak handshake.
On the second floor, the tan stick figure saw someone fall past his window, so he calls for help.  Keith Reynolds, the blue stick figure is headed up to the top floor where he's confident he is about to get a promotion.  The green stick figure is feeling good about life and is headed down in the elevator.  He stops on the floor where the pink stick figure is to tell her, who he describes as a special someone, some good news.
somebody fell from the window and bill called an ambulance, upstairs keith saw some guys shaking hands
the hr manager phoned an ambulance for the person that fell past the window. the main character reached the top floor for his interview which he had high hopes for. as he was going in Jack came out and had received good news. he then went down to the 4th floor to see the female that the main character was interested in
The HR manager sees someone fall past his window. when he looks outside, he confirms to himself that it is a person that has fallen. Keith Reynolds catches the elevator to the boss's office. He looks at himself in the reflection of the elevator mirror. He's feeling good. When he arrives, Bill (the green man) is just leaving the boss's office. He departs by shaking the boss's hand and exits the office. nKeith then enters the boss's office.nBill departs and catches the elevator down to where Sarah (pink woman) is working at her filing cabinets. He is about to give her some good news. 
it was a person who had fallen out of the window. keith is on his way up in the elevator and is dreaming of how getting the promotion will feel. patrick is on his way down to tell the woman some news
Keith Reynolds went up in the lift to a top office where I think the boss must use. As he is going in Patrick Campbell ids coming out with some good news. 
The guy who saw someone fall out of the window called an ambulance. Then it zoomed back to Keith who was on his way to meet the boss. A green guy was just leaving the meeting (he likely was the one who got the promotion), and has just gone down the elevator to flirt with the same pink girl Keith liked. Meanwhile Keith still think he's about to get promoted. 
The HR person looked out the window and confirmed their fears that it was a person who fell past the window. They ran to the phone and called an ambulance. At this point Keith was going up in the elevator to his bosses office and admiring himself in the elevator mirror. As he approached his bosses office another colleague came out. This colleague went down in the lift very happy as he had just received good news (presumably that he had got the promotion rather than Keith). He was going to share the news with a special someone who turned out to be the girl that Keith liked and made coffee for. Meanwhile, Keith went into see his boss and was imagining the strong handshake he would receive and writing his signature on the contract for his promotion position. His bosses actual handshake was weak..... and we can imagine that Keith has not go the promotion, his colleague has!
keith reynold his name was and he pulls up at work find it then said he is a junior anaylyst who is waiting for promotion as he is trying to get with a lady called sara who he likes bill from second floor see something fall past his window keith looks back from elevator and something about a gold pen
someone jumped out of a window
