The other man attacks Keith in the elevator but Keith fights back and ends up killing him. It then cuts to another person calling the elevator down and it looks like Keith and the dead body are both inside still.
Keith Reynolds punched Patrick Campbell in the elevator. He is worried about bruising from the punches he has received from Patrick. He wonders if Sarah would like a macho man. He also thinks about washing the blood off. He suddenly realizes that he has killed Patrick Campbell.
keith continues beating patrick with blood spraying in the elevator and eventually kills patrick with his breif case. we then leave to see ruth on the seventh floor after using the bathroom there. its here favourite because she likes the soap dispenser
After punching Keith, Patrick gets out the elevator, but Keith pulls him back and starts attacking him. The narrator explains that Keith is wondering if the punch he received will give him a rugged look and make Sarah like him more. Keith continues to attack Patrick and kills him. The scene shows Ruth on another floor wanting to go to the restroom and the narrator says her favourite is on the 7th floor because it has better soap dispensers, it seems to suggest that Ruth will be using the elevator which Keith just killed Patrick in
keith caught the guy that got the promotion kissing the girl that he likes. he told him to f himself and they got in a fight and Keith killed him.
Keith and Patrick have a fight which results in Keith killing Patrick and being covered in blood. Ruth downstairs needs the toilet and wants to come up to the seventh floor as it has a nicer soap.
Keith and Patrick were still in the elevator when Keith says three words that causes a fight to breakout between the two. The fight goes on for a minute and both throw punches. It ended with Keith killing Patrick. Now the problem is that Ruth on another floor needs to use the bathroom. Her favorite one requires her to take the elevator. Keith is not sure what to do now. 
Out of rage and quick anger, Keith kills Patrick. The fight started in the elevator after Keith couldn't hold back his anger; it started with an insult, then a punch and it continued all the way till death 
In the lift, Keith Reynolds is angry that he's lost his promotion and his girl. He beats his enemy up and kills him. Meanwhile Ruth Charles goes up to the lavatory on floor 7 (this is her favourite because she likes the handwash)
Keith takes the lift down and the doors open and he could see patrick and sarah kissing.  Before he could leave Patrick entered the lift and they both went up to the next fool and as Patrick left Keith said something very rude to him and Partick started to hit him but he fought back and ended up killing him. So he's now in the lift covered in blood and wondering if it will wash out when a woman on a lower level has just called for the lift as she is wanting to go to the toilet and he favourite one in on a different floor.
Keith goes to see Sarah and sees her kissing the coworker. He then kills the coworker. Another woman is looking for her favorite bathroom on the 7th floor because it has a nice soap dispenser.
Keith killed hr green man in the lift as he was mad hed been with sarah 
Keith and the coworker he saw kissing the woman he likes, get into a fight in the elevator. It's bloody and keith ends up killing the guy. Meanwhile, a female worker on a lower floor needs to use the bathroom and decides to go to the one upstairs because it has nicer features. 
While stuck in the elevator with Patrick Campbell, Keith Reynolds gets into an argument with him. They fight and Keith Reynolds ends up killing Patrick Campbell. On the bottom floor, another colleague calls the elevator because she wants to use the restroom on the seventh floor.
Keith ends up killing Patrick in the elevator. Then a lady named Ruth is calling for the elevator since she needs to get something from another floor.
Keith continued fighting Patrick in the elevator, filled with rage, resulting in Patrick's death. Keith was in a panic and his mind started to rush, with him considering that a lady working in accounting would most likely want to use the elevator as she preferred using a bathroom in one of the upper floors.
Keith Reynold's sees Patrickl Campbell kissing Sarah. He acts violently afterwards, punching him to the ground and soon realising he killed him. He needs to think quickly about what to do next.
Keith ended up killing Patrick in the elevator after he cursed him out about getting the promotion. Then it seems like Patrick is about to get caught because Ruth is about to call the elevator down to her floor.
Keith kills Patrick who received the promotion instead of him after telling Patrick some rather choice words.  Patrick attacks Keith but Keith prevails and is able to kill Patrick in the elevator.  Some girl needs to use the restroom on the 7th floor, thats her favorite because it has a better soap dispenser.
After catching the guy kissing the girl he likes, the guy gets in the elevator with Keith Reynolds. Keith is upset so he makes a comment to the green guy. The green guy is upset so he punches Keith. Keith retaliates and accidentally kills the green guy. He realizes he has to think fast while another female worker on the bottom floor decides she needs to use the restroom on the 7th floor she prefers.
Patrick and Keith are in the elevator together when Keith says something offensive to Patrick, and Patrick hits Keith. Keith then retaliates and begins hitting Patrick repeatedly. During this time, Keith is thinking about Sarah and whether or not she will like him as a tough guy. Keith then realizes he killed Patrick, and he will need to think quickly to get out of this situation. Meanwhile, Ruth is heading to a bathroom on a different floor because that bathroom has a nicer soap dispenser.
Keith Campbell and the other guy are in the elevator. The blue man, Keith Campbell beats and kills the other guy, the one who has been kissing Sarah. He has to think fast as Ruth is going to the toilet, and the elevator is going to be going to her floor very soon.
They had a fight because keith said 3 words that he regretted instantly so he had to think quick and starting punching him but he didnt stop there as he kicked dragged and stomped on him. He also smacked him with his bag. He died and keith was looking for a solution on what to do and how to clean up his mess. It cut to a new person in the building and it mentioned that she likes the toilet on the seventh floor since it has a nicer soap dispenser
Patrick Campbell is kissing Keiths Reynolds crush and when the lift opens he sees them. The lift stays open for longer than he hoped for and he sees them kissing even with mouths open. Keith Reynolds is angry and when Patrick Campbell enters the lift they have words and Patrick Cambell punches Keith in the face. He is worried he will have bruises and that he will have blood on his shirt. He then attacks Patrick Campbell and kills him! A few floors down a female member of staff is about to use the lift to go the toilet on the 7th floor as its the nicest in building. 
Keith Reynolds beats Patrick Campbell to death in the lift all the time thinking about Sarah and how he will get blood out of his shirt. Ruth from accounts decides she needs the bathroom and goes to take the lift to the seventh floor.
KEITH THEN GOES TO SEE SARAH TO MAKE HIMSELF FEEL BETTER AND MAYBE GIVE HER ANOTHER CUP OF COFFEE. WHEN HE ARRIVES HE SEES HER KISSING THE MAN WHO GOT HIS PROMOTION INSTEAD. HE IS FURIOUS, WHEN THE MAN JOINS KEITH IN THE ELEVATOR, THEY BEGIN A FIST FIGHT WHICH ENDS WITH KEITH KILLING THE MAN IN THE ELEVATOR.
Kieth headbutts and punches Patrick several times before kneeing him in the head, Patrick is pleading Kieth to stop. Before Kieth loses all control and smashes his briefcase over the back of Patrick's head and killing him inside the elevator. Keith panics on what to do now, as someone from the lower floors calls the elevator because they want to use the toilet on 7th floor.
after patric hit keith, keith then hit, kicked and beat patric with his brief case and killed him in the life, now keith has to come up with a plan, as someone who wants to use the nice bathroom on level 7 has jusr called for the lift 
Partick Cambell, the guy that got the job and girl that Keith wanted, punches Keith in the elevator, this then causes a fight where Keith ends up punching and beating Patrick to death. He is then stuck in the elevator with the body when a woman that works in the office calls the elevator to use the restroom upstairs.
Keith and Patrick fight in the elevator but Keith kills Patrick using his suitcase. It looks like someone is about to call the elevator, it is Ruth. 
