After Keith Reynolds got to the forth floor, there was a lady who was interested in him trying to seduce him, but Keith was not moved, he offered to make her a cup of coffee instead after which he headed out of the office. On the other hand, the HR on the second floor had just seen through his window something that seemed like something falling down
Keith Reynolds gets off at the fourth floor to make Sarah a cup of coffee, in a hope that she will like him. As he turns away to go back to the elevator, she pours it out of the window. On the second floor, someone sees something or someone fall past the window.
Kieth Reynolds gets off on 4th floor and makes a woman that he fancies a coffee. He does this all the time and she never wants it. She pours it out the window and it hits a window cleaner on a ladder who falls off the side of the building.
Keith exits the lift in to an office area and sees sarah bending down looking in the bottom drawer of a filing cabinet. Having a crush on sarah he gets a coffee from the machine and offers it to sarah who throws it out the window as keith is leaving the office. nnIn the room below bill see the coffe fall past his window but is unsure what it is. 
Keith gets out of the lift and sees the lady he works with bent over looking through a filing cabinet. He makes her a cup of coffee like he does everyday in hopes she will like him. He hands it to her and when walking away she dumps it out of the window because she never wants one. It spills on someone who seems to be on a ladder and he falls down. Someone who is working on the second floor sees it and walks over to their window to see what happened. 
Keith Reynolds is in the office with Sarah who is bent over.  He wants to impress Sarah and offers to make her a coffee.  He makes her one whether she wants one or not.  on the second floor of the same office is Bill from HR
Keith has gone in the elevator up to his office. He makes a drink for his colleague Sarah who he likes and wants to be with. He is hoping to get promoted today. Meanwhile on the floor below Bill has just noticed someone fall past his window
He like this girl at work, she doesn't like him. He tries to get her coffee, that makes no difference, she still doesn't like him. He hopes his promotion will make her like him. Right before you woke up, the HR person saw a body falling from a higher floor. 
Bill exited the elevator and walked towards a woman that was bending over. He walked over tot the coffee machine to make one and then gave it to the woman. The woman didn't want the coffee but bill gave her it anyway and walked off. The woman walked to the nearest window and tipped the coffee out of it onto a cats head. 
The voiceover says that when he gets the promotion maybe it will make another female associate fall in love with him. It seems like Keith likes her. The animation shows her bending over and Keith comes into the room. It says how he makes her a cup of coffee each morning but she always says no and doesnt want it. In the animation she throws it out of the window. Then the view changes to the HR floor where a guy sees the cup of coffee fall from the sky.
keith renolds walks into an office where a secretary called sarah is bent over,he walks to the coffee machine and grabs a coffee and walks towards sarah,he also grabs sarah a coffee,it then goes to the floor underneath and a man at the windows see something fall
The main character gets off the elevator and approaches his crush. He makes her a coffee and hands it to her. The narrator says that he always offers to make her a coffee to get her to notice him. She never wants one and thus she always throws it away. Then the camera pans down to the lower floor of the building where one employee just saw something fall past the window.
Keith Reynolds has a very important day ahead of him. A big promotion. He went to the floor and saw Sara and made a cup of coffee for her like he always does but she was not interested. She threw it out of the window. Then one man saw something falling down and was not sure what it could be. It was the coffee
Keith Reynolds just arrived at work and is hoping for a promotion to impress a woman on the 4th floor that he likes. She ignores him. On thew 2nd floor someone has just seen somethinmg falling down.
Keith fancies a woman on his floor and always offers her a coffee. She doesn't want the coffee but takes it anyway. When he isn't looking she pours it out the window. This time however it ended up falling on someone on a ladder outside the window and they fell off. Someone from HR noticed on a lower floor.
Keith Reynolds' big day at work, where he was expecting a promotion, was all going smoothly until he saw something or someone fall past the window of his office in a high-rise building.
After entering the building Keith Reynolds went to the forth floor where he encountered Sarah. She was bending over a filing cabinet. Keith Reynolds is obsessed with her and made her a coffee, trying to get her to realise this,  which she didn't want. She then poured it out of the window, unwittingly onto the head of a man working there. nA guy in the floor below saw something fall past his window. 
When Keith Reynolds arrived at work, he stopped at 4th floor to see the lady by name Sara who he intends spending the rest of his life with. He always make her some coffee which she always turn down and discarded it through the window from 4th floor. On the 2nd floor was human resource who noticed what fell from the window and quickly go to check what that was.
Keith walks out the lift into the office and enters with his co worker present.  He makes her a coffee, and she throws it out the window.
heith goes to the fourth floor, makes a coffee and offers it to Sara which refuse it. In the meantime, Bill from second floor sees something through the window.
The man drives into work, he gets out of the car and then briefly returns to the car to get his hat. He puts the hat on his head and then walks up some stairs into work. He has been working there for a long time.
Keith is in love with the girl and offers her a cup of coffee occasionally. She takes the coffee and throws it out the window. There is a man on a ladder outside the window and he falls due to the coffee, the man on the second floor sees the other one falling
Keith expects his promotion to make him sexually attractive to some woman, whose behind he lilke to oggle.  Everyday he makes her coffee (actually gets a cup from a machine) and give it to her, even though she doesn't want it.  Meanwhile, the HR guy sees someone or something fall past his window.
Keith exits the lift and steps out on to the fourth floor. There is a pink female character who is bending over at the filing cabinet. The voiceover says that Keith wants the promotion so that Sarah (the woman by the cabinet) will fall in love with him and want to spend the rest of her life with him. He goes over to her and greets her. He then makes her a coffee at the machine and hands it to her. The voiceover said that he makes her a coffee often and she never wants it. Sarah takes the coffee over to the window and throws it out. As she does this you see there is an orange person climbing the side of the building and they fall down. A person on the floor below is sat at the desk and realises that someone just fell passed the window. 
Keith takes the elevator to the fourth floor where he finds Sarah. The promotion means a lot to Keith because that's his chance to impress Sarah. He offer to make her a cup f coffee which she declines. The camera the pans out to Bill on the second floor. Bill works for the Human Resources department and he just saw someone or something fall pass his window.
Keith makes Sarah a coffee. Keith likes Sarah and wants to impress her by getting a promotion. Sarah tips the coffee out of the window. This leads to someone falling off the ledge and past the window below. One of Keith's colleagues sees this person fall past the window.
Keith Reynolds takes the elevator to where his office is. Sarah is bending over and doing something while Keith exits the elevator. Keith makes her a cup of coffee which she takes and throws out the window which leads to the cleaner falling off of the ladder. Someone on the floor below Keith's office sees the cleaner falling and so he gets up from his chair and goes to the window to see what happened to him.
Keith was going up the elevator and got to the fourth floor. He walked into the office where a female associate could be found, and apparently, she liked him. He pottered around and made her a drink. It quickly cut to the 2nd floor where another associate was working, and then it showed someone falling past the window on the second floor. 
Keith has a crush and that is the main reason he is so focused on his promotion, he offers to do nice things for her including making her a coffee. However on this occasion she has poured the hot coffee out of the window. Unknowingly into the face of what could be a window cleaner
Keith Reynolds has a love interest named Sarah. He sees her bent over, looking in a filing cabinet. He leaves the elevator and makes her a coffee that she does not want. She pours it out the window, which ends up on someone's head. On another floor, Bill notices something fall outside the window.
