While Keith was trying to dispose the body, Sarah saw him dragging Patrick's body and she gave Keith a look no woman has ever given him in his entire life. She looked like she wanted to run into Keith's arm and give him a hug, but she fainted instead. Keith climbed out of the window and dragged the dead body with him, while hanging outside the window, he thought about all the good things someone could want, which is ultimately a good life. Barry who was a cleaner was so shocked to see Keith hang out the window like that.
As Keith Reynolds pulls Patrick's body out of the window and drops it onto the ground, he considers his life. He sees a cleaner in through the window, who looks at him, balanced there on the ladder.
Having dropped Patricks body out the window, Reynolds finds himself balanced on the ladder outside a window with a man looking at him from the floor below.
Keith is balancing on the ladders an see Barry mopping the floor. Barry turns around also see Keith still balancing on the ladders.
Keith seems to be contemplating life. He is balanced on a ladder and notices a guy mopping the floors he has never seen before. 
Keith takes a last look at the building he has worked in for many years.  As he does so he sees a man there he has never seen before mopping the floor.  Keith just hangs there
Keith is outside of the building on a ladder making his escape from the building with Patricks body and is considering his life and the prospects of it as well as how anyone would want a good job etc. He sees another person who is inside the office and they make eye contact.
After Keith threw Patrick out the window, he was on a ladder outside, where he came face to face with the janitor, Barry. 
Larry was mopping the floor on the lower level so keith just dangled from the ladder outside the lower level window. Larry turned and seen keith dangling there 
Keith carries on thinking about how lucky it is to have good things in life like a good job, money and a wife that loves you. He hovers on the ladder and sees a janitor Barry mopping the floor through the window. They make eye contact for a minute.
keith balancing on the ladders looks back into the building where he sees a man who he as never seen before called barry,barry is cleaning the office
Keith drags Patrick's body out of the window and it falls down to the ground. Keith climbs down the ladder when he crosses paths with the janitor who also eventually notices him. They both stare at each other through the window and Keith balances on the ladder.
Keith he realises that some people want a simple and happy life with a family. He looks at someone which he had not seen before. Barry was moping the floor for 8 years he never noticed him.
Keith decides to take dead Patrick out the building via a ladder on the 5th floor window. As he is doing this Sarah sees them and faints. Keith starts to climb out the window on the lasser and sees a janitor on a lower floor.
Keith is on the ladder contemplating his life and notices someone he's never seen before. They both look at each other and Keith just balances on the ladder.
Keith is spotted by Barry the Cleaner as he escapes through the window.
Climbing down the ladder, Keith has a moment of existential revelation and sees and is seen by a guy called Barry mopping the floor. Keith has never seen Barry in all of the eight years he has worked there. 
On Keith curiosity to discard the dead body of Patrick through the ladder that was placed on the window side, he came accross a face he never seen before who was a cleaner.
Keith  while trying to balance the ladder and go down it, sees someone in the office he had never seen before.
Keith is on the ladder outside the building thinking he just want what everyone wants, a great job. He see through the window Bill who was cleaning the floors.
Keith sees a ladder on the fifth floor window and decides to take Patrick down that way to avoid security on the ground floor. Sarah sees Keith and passes out but does not die. On the ladder Keith drops Patrick
Keith, after throwing patrick down, contemplates his life and the life of others. He thinks everyone wants what he wants, a good job, a wife. Patrick had it all, yet in an instant, it was gone, he was gone. Barry the cleaner turns around to see keith balancing on the ladder outside and they exchange looks.
After philosophic reflection Keith sees Barry inside mopping floor.  They gaze at each other.
Keith was outside the window balancing on his ladder. He was thinking to himself that a lot of people probably want the same as him. A good job, a beautiful wife and a home. He realises that even if he gets these things, like Patrick, they could all be taken away in one moment. He is balancing outside the window where Barry is cleaning. Barry looks up and they stare at each other. Keith is balancing on the ladder when is standing straight up, no longer swaying and him and Barry continue staring at each other. 
Keith balanced on the ladder as he reflected on his goal. He realized that he didn't like the person he had become. Barry who cleans the floors notices him balancing there.
Keith balances on the ladder considering his life. He locks eyes with a guy called Barry who he has never seen before. Barry mops the floors.
Patrick is hanging onto the ladder by balancing it and making sure it doesn't fall away from the building. He sees a cleaner mopping the floor. The cleaner stops mopping the floor when he turns around and looks out the window to find Keith perfectly balanced on a ladder. They both stare at each other.
Keith finally bumped into sarah, who fainted once she saw patrick who was now dead. Keith decided to take the stairs on the outside of the building to avoid security, he seemed to have dropped patrick to the ground outside; while climbing down, he spotted someone new in the building called barry. 
Keith has escaped the building and is feeling nostalgic, he looks in and sees a man he has not seen in his 8 years of working there mopping the floors
Keith is on the ladder and stops to reflect about how other people probably want similar things to him. He sees Barry through a window, mopping the floor. They look at each other.
