Keith saw there was a ladder propped up against the window and decides to go out the window with Patrick's body to avoid having to go past security on the ground floor. As he gets to the window the main chick happens to come up the stairs and sees Keith with Patrick's body. Keith doesn't say anything.
keith decides to take the dead Burt home and goes down the stairs to avoid being caught in the elevator. Ruth goes up the stairs to use the bathroom and sees keith, she faints and dies. Keith continues to leave but is stopped by the door when Sarah sees him, Keith is totally delusional and still thinks Sarah likes him as he holds the mutilated Burt.
Keith decides to use a ladder to avoid having to drag the body through Reception. However, Sarah comes down the stairs and sees him. She says nothing, but looks at him like no woman has before. Keith hopes she runs into his arms and kisses him.
Keith reynolds decides to take the mutilated body down the ladder outside the window to skip past security. But then Sarah walks in and sees keith with patricks body. She drops the files and looks at keith.
Keith decides to take Pat's body down the ladder outside the the building with Pat's body so that she doesn't have to worry about security seeing him. But Sarah sees Keith and Pat's body. She doesn't say anything. Keith wishes she would run over to him and kiss him
Keith wants to climb down the ladder and is trying to figure out what to do with the body of Patrick and he ends up running into Sarah and he begins hoping that she would run into his arms and begin kissing him. 
Turns out Keith is no Sopranos type when it comes to disposing of a body though. After dragging him past Ruthie,also dead, by accident he sees a ladder agaisnt an open window on the 5th floor and descries to use that to escape with the body. The Sarah comes in looking for Patrick. The sight of Keith disposing of Patrick's body turns out to be an immediate turn on for her . THen you woke up before anything else happens 
sarah sees keith trying to move the body, she doesn't say anything and keith still thinks there might be hope for their future romance
Keith decided to take the ladder outside the building from the fifth floor to try and avoid security. Sarah had reached the fifth floor before Keith had managed to get out of the window with Patrick's body and Sarah starred at Keith. She dropped the file in her hands.
Keith decides to climb down the ladder outside so he doesn't have to pass security on the ground floor. Sarah sees Keith with Patrick's body.
The main character was trying to dispose of the body through the exit doors when his crush walked into him and instead of screaming or running away, she seemed to be a bit confused about what to do.
Keith decides that he wants to dispose Patrick's body, so he drags his body down the stairs from the lift. On his way down the stairs he sees Ruth who also works at the company who faints when she see's Patrick's body. Keith continues to drag Patrick's body up until he bumps in his love interest who is called Sarah. He doesn't know what to say as she stares at him whilst he desires a hug from her.
Keith is dragging the body to the window so he can escape through it. Sarah comes up a floor and finds Keith with Patrick's body. The both freeze and stare at each other. Keith hopes she likes him.
Keith decides to take a ladder conveniently out the window out the building with Patrick's body. We get a brief shot of another floor with two people throwing bits of paper into a bin. It then goes back and we see Sarah enter the room and watch what Keith is doing. Neither reacts and the narrator says Keith maybe thinks she likes the silent type
Keith spotted a very convenient ladder outside the window, and decided to leave using that, so he could avoid security on the ground floor.  Julie (was that her name, I've forgotten, the one he was flirting with!) has caught him with the body.
Keith dragged Patrick's body towards the window where he had spotted a ladder. At this moment Sarah came in and saw him. Keith remained optomistic - hoping that Sarah would fall in love with this new 'rugged' him and he fantasied about her running into his arms.
Keith decides to take Patrick's body from the 5th floor down a ladder so he doesn't have to pass security on the ground floor. As he is dragging Patrick's body to the ladder, his crush appears and is shocked at the discovery. Keith seems to think the way Sarah is viewing him is positive and mentions that no woman has ever looked at him that way before. He doesn't seem to be making the connection that she is looking at him wildly because he is holding a body.
Keith Reynolds wants to avoid what just happened with Ruth Charles, so he decides to take the ladder that is on the 5th floor window. As he is heading towards the window with the ladder, Sarah walks in to see him with the body of Patrick Campbell. Keith Reynolds ponders if she likes the silent type and wants her to run into his arms immediately. She is staring at him with a look he'd never seen before on a woman and that makes him desire her more.
Keith decides to leave with Patrick's body through the 5th floor window ladder so he doesn't have to pass security. Sarah sees them and is shocked. Keith doesn't say anything. Keith wonders if Sarah will like a silent type and fantasizes about her kissing him.
Keith decides to go down the ladder that is conveniently by the window so that he doesn't have to navigate past the security of the ground floor. However, as he goes towards the window, Sarah sees him and looks at him in the way that he had always wished that she would do so. Keith chooses to ignore her.
Keith is dragging Patrick down the stairs when he decides he's going to use a ladder outside of the fifth floor to avoid security down on the first floor.  The pink stick figure misses Patrick and goes to take files to his office, but instead runs into Keith dragging Patrick across the floor.
keith was taking patricks body down the stairs rather than elevator but ruth was coming up the stairs as was her new year resolution but on stairs she saw keith pulling patricks dead body down the stairs and her eyes rolled back and she fell and died, as keith was going to dispose of ruths body sarah saw him with her body - he looked at her and stayed silent and she just looked at him like no other has, he hoped she liked the silet type
keith sees the ladder out the 5th floor window and decides to go down that so he can avoid security lower down. as he's dragging the body over Sarah comes in and sees him. keith hopes she is impressed and runs to wards him
Keith continues dragging Patricks' body downstairs. nHe spots a convenient ladder outside a window which he plans to climb out of with Patrick's body to avoid the security guys on the ground floor. nAs he is dragging the body over the window, Sarah enters the room. She was on her way to drop some files up to Patrick because she missed him. nSarah looks at Keith and drops the files. nKeith looks at Sarah. He is holding Patrick's mutilated body. 
sarah has come upstairs to speak to patrick and has seen keith dragging his dead body along to the ladder outside the window.
Sarah was going up to Patrick's office, when she came across Keith trying to drag Partrick's body to the window so that he could climb down a ladder on the outside of the building.
Keith pulls the green guy towards the window, where a ladder is setup, hoping to avoid security down in the lobby. Pink girl comes up and sees them both, then stands in stock. 
Keith was dragging Patrick's mutilated body towards the window with the ladder. He was going to take the body out that way to avoid the security guards on the ground floor. At that point, Sarah was going to see Patrick with some files and she saw Keith dragging his body. She was horrified! Keith mistook this look at something nice and wished she would run into his arms.
ruth needs the toilet on 7th floor her favourite one is there keith decides to take  pat home down stairs dead ruth think sb aout going home they meet on stairwell then ruth step over blood keith decides to take body down a ladder so no security sees him with the body sara sees keith 
Sarah just cough Keith trying to get rid of the body
