Keith is dragging Patrick's body down the stairs. The camera pans down to the woman that Patrick was kissing earlier, the narrator stating that she is going to bring a file to Patrick's desk as an excuse to see him. The camera pans back to Keith, the narrator stating that Keith has decided to use a ladder conveniently placed outside the 5th floor window in order to exit without having to pass security. 
the woman who caught him fainted and keath continued to drag patricks body passed her. sarah decided to take files up to patrick as she has not seen him for a while. 
Keith is on the 5th floor
Ruth passes out from the shock of seeing Keith drag down the stairs the body of Patrick as Keith is covered in blood.  Ruth falls backwards down the stairs and is suspected dead.  Keith continues dragging down Patricks body, however Sara is now worried as she hasnt seen PAtrick in a while and has decided to take files up his office before she heads home.  Meanwhile Keith has spotted a ladder outside the window on the floor he is on and decides its safer to go out that way as to avoid security.  Sara has pressed the elevator button and waiting for it to reach her level so she can climb on 
Keith is attempting to take Patrick down the stairs to avoid others and being caught, when Ruth shows up, and passes out, falls to her death, and Keith must figure out a way to dispose of Patrick's body quickly to avoid security. He sees the ladder out the window. 
The person who caught Keith dragging the dead body faints and as a result, falls down the stairs and presumably cracks her neck. Keith goes around her and then decides to take a ladder conveniently placed nearby so he could avoid the guards. The person he likes grabs some files in another scene. 
Keith walks down with a now dead patrick body , as he is walking down , Ruth was walking up to the bathroom and sees this scene infront of her which causes her to collapse .He walks past her and down the stairs to which he sees a ladder and thinks of using that to avoid security. While this is happening , sarah decides to take papers up to patricks office.
Ruth sees Keith dragging Patrick's body down the stairs and she passes out and dies. Sarah has decided to take some papers up to Patrick's office as an excuse to see him. Keith decides to take Patrick's body out the window and down a ladder
Keith is now dragging patricks dead body out of the elevator and down some steps. A secretary from another floor spots them on her way up as they are coming down. She passes out and rolls back down the stairs. Keith trys not to get her blood on him. Meanwhile Sarah decides she would like to see Patrick so she decides to take some files to him. Keith meanwhile has spotted a ladder outside one of the windows in which he will take the body outside as he has decided to take the body home with him.
Ruth fainted from what she just witnessed Keith dragging a dead body and she fainted. Keith made sure not to step on her blood and he carefully passed Ruth looking for ways to not get caught by the security
another woman saw kit drag the dead body on the staircase. she also fell accidentally.
Keith decides to take Patrick's body down the stairs as Ruth is coming up. When Ruth discovers the grizzly scene she faints and tumbles down the stairs, breaking her neck. Keith feels sympathy and moves past her as Sara decides to take some files up to Patrick's office as an excuse to see him again. Keith notices the ladder on the fifth floor and decides to make his escape via that route to bypass security.
Keith contines to bring Patrick down by using the ladder. The girl faints that saw him earlier, so he doesn't need to worry about her. He continues to escape without being caught. Sara is missing Patrick.
Keith accidentally kills Patrick in the elevator and drags his body outside. His coworker Ruth is coming up the stairs at the same time and he accidentally knocks her down the stairs killing her too. 
Keith has just accidently caused Ruth to fall down the stairs to her death. He is sorry, but careful not to step in her blood as he continues to move Patrick's body down the stairs. The focus shifts to Sarah, who is thinking about how it already feels like hours since she last saw Patrick. She decides to bring some files up to Patrick's office on the 6th floor as an excuse to see him again. Meanwhile, Keith has made the decision to carry Patrick's body down a ladder he has just noticed outside of the 5th floor window.
Keith brings the Partick's body down the stairs but the woman sees him and falls down the stairs and probably dies. Keith is woking on a masterplan to get out of the building. 
Keith kills Patrick and then drags his body downstairs to rid of at his own house. Some other worker lady is climbing the stairs to use the bathroom and she spots Keith so he kills her too. The girl Keith likes is going to head up the stairs to hand over some files to her crush Patrick. 
Ruth Charles collapses on the floor. Keith adds that it was an accident that he killed Patrick.nSarah then decides to see Patrick up on the sixth floor.nKeith has decided to climb down a ladder to avoid security seeing him. 
The woman who was going upstairs fell on accident,  Keith carry's on dragging the dead body and randomly decided to drag him towards out the window.
After the lady who caught keith dragging patricks body collapses, sarah decides to visit patrick in his office under the pretense of taking some files. Meanwhile, keith sees a ladder outside the window which he can use to dispose of patricks body. 
ruth passes out from the shock of seeing the dead body falls down the stairs and breaks her neck and dies, sarah missing patrick takesx some files and leaves her office to go take them to him  
Keith realizing after killing Patrick, he saw it better to dispose of his body and got busted by Ruth, who fainted after what she witnessed. Sarah also realized that it has been hours since she saw Patrick and made an excuse to go give him files as an excuse to go and see him. Possibly, she may also bust Keith and what he is planning to do.
Keith Reynolds while dragging Patricks dead body is then encountered by Ruth who is climbing the stairs. She falls down and he thinks this is genuine accident. Keith then decides to take a conveniently placed ladder while sarah who hasnt seen Patrick for a while takes folders up to see him not knowing he is now dead.
Keith and Patrick fought and Patrick was killed. Keith decides to cover up the murder and hauls the body down the stairs. A woman is walking up the stairs, sees them, passes out, and falls down the stairs. So Keith decides to use the ladder outside.
Ruth is going up the stairs as Keith reynolds is descenting with the dead body .  Ruth on seeing the mutilated body of Patrick faints and falls down the stairs.  Keith is sorry he didnt want her hurt but keeps going.  He sees a ladder outside the window and decides to use that as he thinks it will be the fastest way to avoid being seen 
The woman fell who saw keith reynolds with patricks body. The other pink woman is now climbing the stairs without keith knowing. He decides to take the outside ladder to avoid security
Keith dragged Patricks bloody body down the stairs, and a worker named Ruth went up the stairs and saw Keith dragging Patrick. She passed out and fell down the steps, injuring herself. Keith passed her body and felt sorry. Meanwhile Sarah on a different floor decided to go bring some files to Patrick and is going to go to his office. Keith has an exit plan by using a ladder outside the window to escape with Patrick's body.
Ruth falls down the stairs and injures herself. Keith is careful to not walk through her blood. Sarah decides to go upstairs. Keith carrying Patrick decides to use the conveniently placed ladder
The lady falls back and dies because she snaps her neck. Keith is careful not to step in any of her blood. He then decides to go down the ladder which is conveniently situated outside of the 5th floor window so that he doesn't have to go past security on the bottom floor. Sarah feels like it has been hours since she has seen Patrick and so she decides to take some files up to his office as an excuse to see him.
Ruth fell, am not sure if she died. Keith is still dragging Patrick's body and wants to use a ladder he saw outside to evade security. Sarah misses Partick and is going upstairs to see him. 
