Keith Reynolds is the name of the main character, he goes into his work building and we're told it's promotion day. Keith Reynolds is expecting to get a promotion as he's the most senior, junior and he's been with the company for 8 years.nGetting the promotion will also help get Sarah to like him, we're just about to be introduced to her.nKeith is the very tall, blue stick figure in the picture.
the stick figure in blue walks into the building wearing a hat and carrying a suitcase. This person is named Keith Reynolds, we find out from the narrator that Keith is looking forward to get a promotion today, he has worked at the company for 8 years as a senior junior analyst. He is hoping that he gets a promotion so that he could impress a woman that he works with named Sarah.
After getting out the car with his hat and suitcase he walks up the stair into the building. A Voice over expalins that this is Keith Reynolds the most senoir junior manager in the office. And today is promotion days. Voice over continues to say that when Keith gets his prmomotion then Sarah who is bending over some files wil start to like him as he would be a rea business man then.
The blue stick man was introduced as Keith Reynolds, 8 years at the business and up for a  promotion, he is an analyst, he goes up to the top floor in a lift and sees Sarah who he wants to impress.
the man called Keith gets out of his car and goes in the building, it is promotion day and he has been waiting for it for a long time. He has worked for company for 8 years and really wants to impress his colleague Sarah by being promoted. He has used the elevator to go up to a higher floor where Sarah works.
Keith Reynolds is the most senior junior businessman at the company.  He has been there 8 years.  Today is promotion day.  When Keith gets his promotion, Sarah (a staff member) will like him.
The guy is Keith Renolds. That's his job. He has been there 8 years and today is his promotion, which means some chick will like him. 
It is promotion day and Keith has been working there 8 years and it the most experience  person there. He wants this promotion so he can impress Sarah who works on the 4th floor. 
Keith Reynolds drives his blue car to work, he gets out and enters the building. Its promotion day. He is the most senior junior analyst so feels he will be  a successful business man when he gets his promotion. And he will impress Sarah, a girl at work.
keith goes into the building with his briefcase and we're told today is an important day as he is going for a promotion. Keith runs to catch the lift. We're told he wants the promotion to be successful and also to make Sarah one of his colleagues whose bending over a filing cabinet like him
Keith Reynolds (blue guy) has arrived at work. It is his promotion day. He walks over the elevator and takes it to his office floor. Once he gets to his office, he sees Sarah (pink) bending over.
Keith Reynolds took his hat from his car and his briefcase and went inside the building, the narrator said it's his promotion day today, so he took a lift and went inside his office.
The man walked up the stairs with is suitcase to get on the elevator at his workplaces. He rode the elevator to his floor were he walked in to sara bending over looking in the file cabinet.
Keith Reynolds is the most senior junior business man at the firm and today is promotion day he is expecting to be promoted so he can be a successful business man for Sarah
Keith Reynolds arrives at work and it's a big day for him because its the day he might get promoted. He hopes that if he gets promoted the secretary will like him.
Keith Reynold - who is the main character has just gone up the front steps into the office block where he has been working as a junior analyst for the last eight years. He has taken the elevator up several floors. In his office, he sees Sandra who is the object of his affections. He thinks his expected promotion will make her like him.
Keith Reynolds parks his car outside the building , it is promotion day , he then enters the lift and heads up to the office. There is a girl called Sarah who is shown in the office and she is bent over on the floor. The reason this job is important to him is so she will like him.
Its about a guy named Keith Reynolds who is hoping to get promoted at his job so this woman will like him. You see him arrive at his job and on his way up an elevator.  
Keith Reynolds walks into his business company building on promotion day. He really likes Sarah and wants the promotion in order to make her like him. 
Keith Reynolds drives to work. He puts on his hat and carries a briefcase into the office where he thinks he'll get a promotion today. He takes the lift to the 4th floor where Sarah is bending over. He likes her
Keith arrives at work and goes to the fourth floor where the secretary is working
A blue man drives to a building in a small blue car. He gets out, takes a few steps and walks back to fetch his hat. He walks into the building where we learn this is where he works and his name is Keith Reynolds and today is 'promotion day'. He walks into the building and gets a lift with another person. We have been informed Keith is the best at his job and he has been waiting a long time for this promotion. If he gets it he will be a good businessman and Sarah who was bending down would like him. 
Keith shows up for work and makes his way to his office. He is anticipating a promotion and is happy about it because he wants to impress a girl at the office.
Keith Reynolds has arrived at work. It's an important day because it's promotion day. He is the most senior junior business associate there. It's important that he be promoted because he wants to impress a female where he works.
The blue stickman entered to office building he had been working at for 8 years hoping he will get promoted. He then entered the lift which took him to the floor that Sarah was on. The reason why he wants the promotion is to impress Sarah.
The main character Keith Reynolds, walks into the building from his car wearing his hat and carrying his briefcase. Inside the building there are two people talking on the left, with a receptionist near the lift on the right. Keith runs to the lift to catch it before it heads up. He takes the lift to the fourth floor and gets off into his main office. Today is promotion day and this is important to Keith as he thinks it will get Sarah to like him. Sarah is the one bending over. 
Keith goes into his work on promotion day. He takes a lift to the fourth floor. He sees Sarah who will like him if he gets promoted according to the voiceover..
Blue guy is named Keith. He's been working at this place for 8 years. It's promotion day and getting the promotion will make Sara (the pink one on screen) like him. They're on the fourth floor.
keith reynolds enters the work building on promotion day. This is a day he has been waiting for as he is the most senior junior in the company. He wants the promotion so that he can impress a woman who also works there. He has entered the lift and come out into the same room as the woman he has a crush on.
Keith, the blue guy, is the most senior junior analyst at his company that he has worked for for some time now. He should be getting a promotion today, which will make him a successful business man and hopefully make Sarah, the girl who is bent over here, like him. 
A man walks up a small flight of stairs to his place of work.  He is introduced as Keit Williams. It is a very important day for him cause he is due for a promotion. He needs this promotion because he wants to impress a lady who works with him.
