Keith, is hoping for promotion, to impress Sara, he loves her wants to spend the rest of his life with her, while he was waiting, some one jumped out of a higher window, a person below rang an ambulance 
sarah throws the coffee out of the window and a man also falls out. the man two levels down runs over to see what is happening and calls an ambulence. keith keeps taking the elevator up and thinks about what will happen next
A man named Kieth Reynolds arrives to work.  Today he is expecting to receive a promotion at his job.  Keith is the senior most Junior Analyst at his job.  Every day Keith attempts to court a female co-worker, even though she never reciprocates.  As Keith is entering the building and going up an elevator someone on a lower floor sees a person fall out of the buidling and calls the police.
After Keith makes coffee for Sara, he heads up the elevator.  Sara notices a body fall and calls and ambulance. Then we notice Keith arrive on the floor and is imaging the handshake and promotion.  There are others on that floor having a handshake but unsure what is happening there.
Keith gives the lady he fancies a coffee which he made for her and when his back is turned, she tips it out of the window. It hits someone in the face who falls, alerting the HR manager whilst Keith is in the lift oblivious
Kieth is going into work expecting a promotion. He starts his day as usual, greeting everyone he sees. He also makes a cup of coffee for the secretarty even though she doesnt want it. as he proceeds to the second floor another co workers see what apprears to be a person fall past his window and calls an ambulance.
kieth really likes a girl from work (i forgot her name) and makes her coffee every day. she does not like it though. he works on the line
Bill from the second floor sees someone falling off the building and calls an ambulance. Keith is going to the fourth floor and is imaging his boss congratulating him on the promotion. 
The pink stick figure drops the coffee she has been given out of the window, causing an orange stick figure climbing the building to fall. Another figure on the floor below sees someone fall, looks out of the window then calls an ambulance. Keith, the blue figure, takes the lift up several more floors and thinks about his promotion.
A man goes into work and is the junior senior manager. He takes the elevator to the 4th floor and hopes to get the attention of a secretary with a promotion he's getting.
Somebody witnesses a person falling from the building.  Meanwhile, Keith Reynolds is in an elevator, going up to the boss's office.  The boss has just finished meeting with another individual.  The boss closes the door as Keith Reynolds enters the waiting room of the boss's office.  The narrator continues to use the names of other people who work in the office, usually without stopping for long to introduce them.  
Sarah, they girl Keith Richards has a crush on, pours the coffee he makes her out the window and it hits a window washer  worker and he fall to the ground. A colleague in HR calls an ambulance but Keith doesnt notice as he's on his way up to get his promotions. 
After Keith gives the woman a coffee the camera goes up one floor to human resources. A man see's something falling from above out the window he goes over to have a better look and he sees it's a person. He phones an ambulance. The next scene sees Keith Reynolds back in the elevator and he is imagining having a handshake.
The woman that he likes does not like coffee and throws it out which happens to land on another guys head. He then falls down after the coffee hits him. While this is going on the guy pictures getting the job and signing on the dotted line.
Bill from Human resource sees someone or something fall pass the window from where he sat in his office on the second floor. Bill saw that it was indeed a person  and calls the ambulance while Keith happily goes upstairs to sign his name 
Keith makes a coffee for a woman who doesn't want it. On the second floor, Bob sees someone fall past the window so he check and then calls an ambulance. Keith takes the elevator up to see about his promotion. He checks his reflection and fantasizes about signing the paper. He steps out of the elevator and sees someone else coming out of the office. 
Keith always makes his crush a cup of coffee anyway. On the second floor Bill from HR has seen something or someone fall past his window. When he looks out the window he can see it was a person. He phones an ambulance. nnAt the same time, Keith is in the elevator, looking at his reflection in the elevator mirror while picturing the handshake he'll get and what it would feel like to sign his promotion contract.
Keith is hoping for promotion, so the girl he likes will look at him differently and want to spend her life with him. Looks doubtful as she throws his proffered coffee away as soon as he turns his back. He is dreaming of the moment he gets his promotion as he travels up to the floor above. In his mind's eye he sees a successful handshake as he leaves the lift and enters the office. Meanwhile in the office below where Keith travelled from, a man sees something fall past the window and calls an ambulance. I think it was the coffee cup that went past but I'm not sure!
A man named Keith Reynolds arrived at work and he was up for a promotion after 8 years.  He was happy and went into the office exited for his promotion.  When he walked into his office he saw Sarah, who who he likes and went over to hug her.  After Keith hugged Sarah he offered to get her a cup of coffee.  After this, someone or something fell out of an office window.
sera does not want the coffee keith reynolds gave her and she throws it out the wind, when she does that it hits someone who is cleaning the windows outside the building and he falls, a coworker on the lower flow sees someone fall and looks what happened he sees someone the floor and calls a ambulance, than keith reynolds goes up the elevator to his bosses offs where someone else leaves the place.
bill some a person fall out of the window kieth went to another floor to start and some other workers were in the room with him
Keith Reynolds is hoping to get his promotion and is walking up the stairs to the second floor, to his boss's office. As this is happening, someone on the top floor is seen falling to the ground. It is not looking good for Keith Reynolds promotion as someone else is seen talking to his boss.
The girl doesn't want the coffee Keith gave to her, so she tosses it out the window.  It hits the orange guy outside of the window, causing him to fall down.  Another person sees the orange guy fall down and runs down to see what's going on.  While this is happening, Keith takes the elevator up to the floor that the interview is being held on.  The interviewer and another guy, who is green, are shaking hands as the green guy's interview ends.
A narrative voice describes how, on the second floor, someone from human resources sees something fall past the window - after he goes to look he sees that the object falling was actually a person so he calls an ambulance. nMeanwhile, Keith is feeling confident and is making his way up to the higher floor , imagining what it will be like when he gets his promotion. 
The Keith Reynolds made a coffee for the woman he likes anyway, despite her not wanting one. He then headed to the lift to get his promotion. Meanwhile, two floors down, the HR representative sees someone fall past his window. He looks out of said window, then promptly calls an ambulance. We head back to Keith Reynolds staring at this reflection in the lifts chrome surface, imagining his handshake with the boss and signing on the dotted line of his new contract. Upon reaching his boss' floor, a man is shaking hands with his boss, then heads past him into the lift.
As Keith Reynolds heads to the 2nd floor to sign his contract in the HR dept  someone falls from up the building to the ground.
A human resources worker on the second floor notices something fall from the window, looks out, and identifies that it is a person. He calls for help. Keith goes up again in the elevator, imagining the success as he receives the promotion that he hopes to receive. 
Sarah spilled the coffee out of the windows, window cleaner burned and fall of to the ground. HR guy on 2nd floow noticed stg has fallen down, when to check what it is and then called an ambulance. Keith got on the elevator to go upstair floor where he met with another guy. While he went to upstairs there was a secretary and another man leaving the office.
kieth handed his dream girl a coffee, but she did not want it as usual. He then proceeds to get on the elevator, and goes up two floors. On the next floor, someone sees someone falling from one of the upper floors through the office window. The office worker attepts to call the police. Menawhile, keith is exiting the elevator and witnesses management just finishing up with a meeting or some kind of agreement. Keith believes his promotion is in the bag  and is happy about the outcome...
After the character entered his office he was busy working when he saw an object that looked like human fell of from above. He quickly checked and discover it was indeed a human.
