Patrick asks Keith to hold the elevator and gets on. The two ride up together, with Keith looking at Patrick's reflection in the elevator. When they arrive on his floor, Patrick walks out the elevator and the narrator hints that Keith swears at Patrick when he does. Patrick gets back into the elevator to confront Keith, aiming a punch at him. It isn't clear if the punch connects. 
keith had to share the lift with the guy he just witnessed hugging and kissing sarah who also got keiths promotion. they then had to share the lift up to the next floor. keith told the person to go f themsleves and then the guy confronted them and keith got scared.
Keith got punched in the face by Patrick
Patrick climbs into the elevator with Keith, and they move up to higher floors both together in the same elevator.  Keith is not happy and breathes heavy.  When the reach the level where Patrick wants to climb off, Keith says three words to him, in which Patrick turns around and then punches Keith straight in the face
After finding out the promotion was given to someone else, Keith headed back up the elevator to find Sarah, perhaps he would bring her another cup of coffee. It would make him feel better to see her. When the elevator doors opened, it revealed Sarah and Patrick embracing, kissing passionately. Keith was so upset. The elevator door remained open for what felt like a very long time; Keith was thinking of what he would do to Patrick if they were alone in a small room together. Suddenly, Patrick was on the elevator with Keith! Keith told him three words angrily; Patrick turned seemingly ready to fight, though Keith apologized. 
Keith Reynolds takes a deep breath as the man who got the promotion walks into the elevator. As the promoted man gets off the elevator, keith blurted out 3 words (he's never said before presumably bad words). He then gets punched. 
Patrick asks keith to hold the door open which he does , keith stares at patrick and as patrick was about to leave ,keith says 3 words that makes him wish he didn't because patrick turns around and punches him.
while keith and patrick were in the elevator, keith said something mean to patrick and patrick started to punch keith
Patrick asks keith to hold the elevator door just after keith has spotted patrick and sarah in each other arms. Patrick enters the elevator and goes up a floor with keith . Keith thinks that Patrick looks smug and self satisfied with himself. I dont think keith is a fan of patrick. As patrick leaves the elevator keith says to him three words(which we dont hear) but they annoy patrick as he comes back to the elevator and pushes keith and starts to rough him up.
Keith held the elevator for Patrick as he got in he could see Keith's reflection and when the elevator reached the floor where Patrick was supposed to get out then Keith said three words that he wished had not said and Patrick beat Keith in the elevator 
the two guys fought in the elevator
Patrick Campbell enters the elevator with Keith Reynolds after being seen kissing Sarah. The two ride the elevator up a floor and as Patrick exits, Keith utters three words which are not explicitly described. Keith's utterance causes Patrick to reenter the elevator and knock Keith's briefcase out of his hands as he apologizes. As the briefcase hits the ground, Patrick punches Keith in the face.
He caught Sara kissing his other coworker after not getting the promotion. The other guy walks into the elevator with Keith. Keith insults him. Then they get into a fight.
Keith gets into an elevator with his coworker Patrick and when they get to the second floor Patrick tells him to go fuck himself. He then starts beating Keith up. 
Keith is upset, but holds the elevator door to let Patrick inside. He sees Patrick's reflection on the surface of the elevator. This spurs Keith to say three words that he has never said before, which prompts a violent reaction from Patrick. Keith begins to think of what to say to Patrick in order to get out of the conflict.
Keith said something bad to Partick in the lift and they started fighting in the elevator. 
Keith and the green guy ride (Patrick?) ride the elevator together, and Keith gets mad so he tells green guy three words (presumably a curse) so the green guy runs back into elevator and beats him up.
Patrick asks Keith to hold the elevator door. They are in the lift and Keith see his reflection in the elevator and says three words to Patrick.. some quick thinking is needed... 
The guy who started kissing Keith's Crush was in the elevator so was he and then Keith said something and then said and the guy wasn't have it at all.
After keith caught patrick and sarah kissing, patrick heads into the elevator with keith. As soon as patrick steps out of elevator, keith says something to patrick which makes patrick angry and he hits keith in the elevator despite keith apologising
patrick goes up a few floors and when he arrives at his floor keith says something very rude to him and patrick returns to the lift while keith is trying to say sorry the best he can 
Keith was interested in Sarah and hoped that after his promotion, it would be easier that Sarah would open her heart. Unfortunately, Keith found one of his colleagues, Patrick, kissing and hugging Sarah and got angry and used vulgar language on Patrick, which led him to getting a beating from Patrick.
Keith reynolds asks to keep the lift door open. Despite Patrick being shocked by seeing Keith kissing the women he admired Sarah. AS they go up in a lift Patrick seems a little flat. As Keith leaves the lift he is then taken back by what Patrick says as never been told to do that before. They then fight in lift.
He arrived at the boss's office and was told that Patrick had recieved the promotion. Disappointed he heads back to the office of his crush and sees Patrick, who had gotten the promotion, kissing the woman he liked. He told Patrick to gf himself and Patrick is about to beat him up
Patrick campbell after kissing mary walks towards the open elevator and asked him to hold the elevator door.  Keith Reynolds watchs a confident Patrick look back at him as the elevator lifted.  As Patrick leaves for his floor 3 bad words slip out of Keith reynolds mouth he cant take them back and Patrick Campbell is very angry he has to think how to get out of this 
keith reynolds is upset with the green man and is furious and says something that starts a fight, the green man attacks him
After Keith saw Patrick kissing Sarah from the elevator, Patrick went to the elevator and stepped inside with Keith. The elevator went up and Patrick was going to get off. As Patrick gets off, Keith yells an expletive at Patrick. Patrick goes back into the elevator and punches Keith's hat off his head.
Patrick looks at Keith in reflection of the lift in a smug kind of way. As patrick gets out the lift, he swears at keith or says something horrible. Patrick gets back in the lift and goes towards keith to seemingly attack him
Patrick Campbell asks Keith to hold the elevator which he does and then all Keith can see is Patrick's reflection and when Patrick exits the elevator Keith says 3 words. He had never said those three words to someone before in his life and wished he hadn't. Patrick then walks up to Keith and seems to punch him. 
Patrick and Keith shared the elevator up and as Patrick was exiting, Keith said something offensive. Patrick came back in the elevator and punched Keith.
