Keith did not get the promotion, Patrick did, on returning to tell Sara, he saw Sara kissing Patrick, open mouthed, Keith did not get out of the elevator, just watched in dismay, Patrick got in, Keith muttered, G.F.Y. under his breath but Patrick heard, then they started fighting, Patrick seems to have come off worst .. now stay awake and watch
keith reynolds insults the man and a fight breaks out. keith worries that he will have a bruise
Another man Patrick Campbell receives the promotion that Keith Reynolds was counting on receiving.  Patrick goes down the elevator to inform his love interest Sarah, the same girl Keith Reynolds is attempting to court, about his new promotion.  Keith feeling rejected hopes to give Sarah another cup of coffee in the hope that maybe she will finally be open to his courtship.  When he arrives on Sarah's floor the elevator opens and Patrick Campbell and Sarah are engaged in an open mouth kiss.  Keith is enraged.  Patrick joins Keith on the elevator unaware of Keith's tempermant.  As they reach Patrick's floor Keith tells him off.  Patrick then gets in Keith's face and Patrick punches Keith.  Keith then responds very violently by beating Patrick bloody.
Keith got a week handshake and didn't get the promotion.  He's pretty dejected.  Heads down the elevator to cheer himself up making Sara a coffee or tea.  But when the elevator door opens she's making out with Patrick.  Patrick gets on the elevator and rides up with Keith.  Keith says some words in anger to Patrick.  Patrick strikes him, but then Keith fights back and blood is drawn.  Keith is thinking how to clean up the blood.
Keith is a total fight club incel and after not getting the promotion he wants he sees the person who did get it kissing the girl he likes (who has never shown similar feelings). After the guy gets in the lift with him and then exits he blurts out something causing the guy to turn round and punch him. They then fight in the elevator with blood spattering the walls.
Kieth realizes that he did not get the job or the girl sarah. He is very upset when he finds Sarah and the other guy kissing then leads to a physical fight in the elevator
keith got into a fight with the other guy for kissing the girl. he seems to be winning at the moment though
Keith tells Patrick to unalive himself and instantly regrets it. A fight brakes out of the two gentlemen.
Keith, (blue), takes the elevator up with Patrick, (green), still holding his breath. As they reach the next floor, Keith lets out an unspecified three word insult, which causes Patrick to become agressive. They begin to fight, punching each other, as the narrator explains Keith's thoughts about whether his face will be bruised and if the blood will stain his shirt.
Keith Reynolds doesn't get the promotion he's hoping for and on his way back to the office see's a co-worker. Patrick, kissing his office crush. Patrick gets in the elevator and Keith thinks of harming him. As Patrick exits the elevator, Keith say something offensive to him and a fight occurs between them.
Patrick Campbell asks Keith Reynolds to hold the elevator.  Keith is angry at Patrick because he just saw him kissing their mutual love interest.  Keith says something rude to Patrick that incites Patrick to threaten Keith with violence.  Keith defends himself, and then starts to beat up Patrick.  Keith severely beats Patrick.  
Keith Reynolds is pissed at Patrick Campbell and jealous so when Patrick gets into the elevator to go back up, he gets worked up. As Patrick is leaving, we think Keith says go fuck yourself and Patrick comes back and punches him and now they are fighting!
Keith and Patrick are in the elevator. And Patrick leaves but then Keith says something to Patrick that really offends him. Patrick then walks back towards the elevator and punches Keith several times in the face blood goes everywhere and Keith wonders will he be able to wash out the blood from his clothes.
The main guy who did not get the job found out that another guy did and he was kissing the girl that he liked. So this made him mad and they fought over the girl and it was getting pretty messy. All of it happened in the elevator. And he was wondering if he could cover it up.
Keith beat up the guy that he saw kissing the girl he likes at the office
Keith doesn't get the promotion. He takes the elevator down and sees Paul kissing Sarah, the girl he likes. The elevator door stays open a long time. Paul asks him to hold the elevator. They ride down together and he looks at Paul's reflection. Keith says three crass words to Paul and Paul gets angry. He knocks Keith's hat off. Keith panics and hits Paul in the face. He then keeps beating on him, leaving blood on the elevator wall.
Keith stares at Patrick's reflection as they both ride in the elevator. As Patrick exits the elevator, Keith says something bad to him consisting of three words. Keith has apparently never said this to anyone before. Patrick reacts by coming back into the elevator and punching Keith, even though Keith has apologized. During the fight, Keith gets punched in the face and his shirt is bloodied.
Keith and Patrick travel up to the floor above, Keith is agitated as he can see Patrick looking confidently at him in the reflection of the lift interior. The lift reaches its destination and Patrick leaves but as he does so Keith utters 3 offensive words at his retreating back, Patrick comes back into the lift and punches Keith! Keith retaliates and a fight ensues, blood spatters abound.
It turned out that Keith did not get the promotion - instead a man named Patrick got the promotion.  Keith was upset and went to see Sarah and saw Patrick, the guy who got the promotion, kissing Sarah.  Keith was very upset and went back to the elevator, once Keith was on the elevator Patrick got on the elevator and the two of them got into a fist fight in the elevator.
keith reynolds says something to his co workers and his co worker does not like what he says keith try's to apologues but it does not work, and they fight the co worker try's to run away but keith pulls him into the elevator and blood is everywhere. 
keith said bad things to the co worker who got the promtion instead of him. then they got into a fight in the evelator and keith got blood on his shirt
Keith Reynolds didn't get his promotion. The guy that did is seeing a lady that he has a thing for, which is not really going to affect his chances as she doesn't like Keith Reynolds anyway. Keith throws his toys from the pram and punches his rival , and there's blood everywhere.
Keith and Patrick took the elevator up to a different floor and as Patrick was getting out, Keith told him three words aka go f yourself or something to the same effect.  Patrick came back into the elevator and punched Keith in the face.  It looked like Patrick was trying to leave, but Keith grabbed him and pulled him down to the floor and started hitting him back.  Patrick was able to stand back up but Keith kept hitting him, and blood started to get all over the elevator.
A narrative voice explains that, just before Patrick gets out of the lift and walks away, Keith calls after Patrick, insulting him. He immediately regrets saying it, but it's too late. Keith and Patrick get into a fight, with both swinging at each other. Keith worries about getting hte blood out of his shirt before it stains. 
Whilst in the lift with Patrick, Keith stares at him through the reflection. When the doors open and Patrick goes to walk out, Keith exhales and says three very rude words to Patrick. Patrick confronts Keith in the lift with first a push, then a punch in the face. The punch draws blood, and Keith starts to fight back, seemingly winning the fight whilst wondering if the mark will bruise and if the blood will stain his shirt.
Patrick Campbell gets the promotion that Keith Reynolds wanted so  bad. Keith and Patrick somehow find themselves in an elevator. They get into a heated argument then Patrick punches Keith in the face.
Patrick Campbell asks Keith to hold the elevator for him and they ride up together. As Patrick begins to exit the elevator, Keith insults him, causing Patrick to initiate a fight. After the first hit, Keith begins to win the fight - seeming to severely assault Patrick. 
As Campbell was going out af elevator, Reynolds annoyed him. Then Campbell throw a fist over to Reynolds and they started on fighting each other. One of them fell on the ground.
Keith reynolds is in the elevator with patrick, and he is upset from what he just witnessed. Keith says some nasty things to Patrick. Patrick turns around and hits him in the face. Both of them are now fighting in the elevator and a brawl has started. Blood is sprayed on the elevator walls...
The main character left the office into the elevator but noticed his a guy kissing his girlfriend Serah. He was impatient as we thought of what to do. immediately the guy who kissed his girlfriend joined him right inside the elevator, He gave him a punch on his face.
