keith goes to see sarah after not getting the promotion and instead sees her kissing another man. he is angry and wants to attack him but then he joins him in the lift and keith remains passive
Keith took the elevator down back to his office, He saw Sarah and Patrick kissing, Patrick asked Keith to hold the elevator door open for him, Keith could see Patricks reflection in the door of the elevator.
The elevator door opens and to Keith's dismay and shock see Sarah and Patrick Campbell, the green man, locked in a deep kissing embrace. Keith drops his suitcase and continues to stare at the two from the elevator for an uncomfortably long time, unbeknownst to the couple. The couple eventually stops and Patrick Campbell moves towards the elevator and asks Keith to hold it for him. Keith obliges, but still in a state of shock and begins to think about what he would do to the man who now has the two things he wants, his promotion and girl. The door closes and elevator begins to ascend. All Keith can notice his the shiny reflection of the elevator door and Patrick squarely in its frame.
He caught the girl he liked kissing another man.
The elevator door opens and Keith can see Patrick kissing Sarah. Keith drops his briefcase in disbelief. Patrick turns around and asks Keith to hold the elevator door open. They return to the floor that Patrick just received his promotion on, and where Keith was denied his.
Kieth Reynolds was dejected having been passed over for a promotion. His handshake was fairly weak too. Patrick Campbell, another coworker, got the promotion on the fourth floor. Keith took the elevator to the fourth floor wanting to do anything to win Sara over...make her another cup of coffee, a hot chocolate, anything. He sounded desperate. When the elevator door opened, he saw Patrick and Sara kissing, deeply. He was stunned. He fantasied about what he would do to him. Patrick then had Keith hold the door open as he walked in. On the way back up, Kieth could see his confident reflection in the door. 
The elevator door opened and Keith saw Patrick kissing the girl that Keith likes. The elevator door stood open for a long time as he watched those 2 kissing. Then as he imagined what he would do to Patrick in a small room, Patrick asks Keith to hold the door as he gets on the elevator with Keith. The elevator starts to go up and here we are.
Keith sees Sarah and Patrick kissing when the elevator doors open. He imagines how he would hurt Patrick in his head. Patrick gets on the elevator and Keith can see his confident reflection in the doors as they close and the elevator rides upward.
Unfortunately Keith does not get the promotion that he was expecting. It was given to someone else. He is disappointed but still thinks about the girl in his office and contemplated bringing her a coffee, tea or hit chocolate. When he gets to the floor where she works, the elevator door opens and he see someone else passionately kissing the girl he likes. He just stands there a watches them kiss and then the other guy tells him to hold the elevator door for him. He gets into the elevator and Keith imagines doing something awful to this man that was kissing the girl he likes.
Keith is in the lift and the doors open. As they open he sees Sarah with Patrick, kissing. Keith is devastated, his misery only interrupted by Patrick asking him to hold the lift. They then share a lift up the building, Keith watching Patrick's reflection. 
keith sees sarah and patrick kissing and just stands in the elevator watching while the doors stay open. He's imagining what he'd do to patrick if he got him alone in a small room and then suddenly patrick comes and gets in the lift with him. Keith sees patricks reflection looking smug
Keith was in the lift when the lift door opened at Sarah's floor and he saw Sarah being kissed by Patrick. He thought about what he would do to Patrick if they were together in a small room. Patrick asked Keith to keep the lift door open and then got in the lift with Keith
Keith observed Pat and Sarah kissing as the elevator doors seemed to stay open for a long time. Keith imagined what he would do to Pat if he were in a small room alone with him. Their open mouth kiss ended and Pat turned to the elevator and asked Keith to hold the door and he stepped in.
The elevator stops to show a man, Patrick, kissing a woman. Keith watches on enviously. Patrick then asks Keith to hold the elevator, and gets in.
Reynolds learned that another person in the office named Patrick is romantically involved with his love interest, Sara.
as the elevator door opened up, Keith saw Patrick Campbell hugging Sarah which left Keith shocked. After Patrick was heading towards the elevator, Keith was thinking of what horrible things he wants to do to Patrick. they elevator closes while they are heading up. 
Renolds found Sarah his love interest and the guy who got the promotion instead of him kissing. He seemed devastated. They both (renolds and the other guy) ended up getting in the elevator together and it was just awkward. 
Keith had gone back up to the 4th floor, where he found Sarah and his co-worker, Patrick kissing each other. He was devastated. He didn't get the promotion and he didn't get Sarah. He held the lift door open for Patrick in sadness.
Keith went to the 4th floor after he hadn't got the promotion and he saw Sarah and Patrick kissing. He fantasised what he would do to Patrick if he was trtapped in a room with him. Then Patrick entered the lift and Keith was in there too.
The elevator opens to show Patrick and Sarah making out. Keith is devastated by the view he sees before him and the voiceover describes how much Keith would like to fight Patrick if given the chance, right as Patrick asks Keith to hold the lift door as he gets in. The doors shut with the two men inside and starts to go up.
The elevator door opens to Sarah an Patrick Campbell kissing. Keith's dreams of being with Sarah are shattered. They continue open mouth kissing as the elevator door seemed to be stuck open. Keith thinks of all the things he would do to Patrick Campbell if they were together alone. Just then Patrick is asking him to hold the elevator door. Patrick steps in. Patrick and Keith continue in the elevator.
Keith went up to the top of the building in an elevator where he could see his reflection in the metal. He signed his name with a pen and then he went to his boss and he didn't get the promotion. A guy named Patrick got the promotion so he went downstairs and started kissing Sarah. Keith saw Sarah and Patrick kissing and he was mad. Patrick then got back in the elevator with Keith and they could see their reflections in the elevator metal.
Keith Reynolds, disappointed at not getting his promotion, takes an elevator down to see Sarah. In an attempt to lift his spirits, he assumes he'll make her a cup of coffee or tea or hot chocolate. When the elevator doors open, he sees Patrick Campbell there kissing her. He had just told her about his promotion and she was apparently congratulating him. Poor Keith stands there, as the elevator seems to be open for a longer than normal time, thinking about how he'd like to get his revenge on Patrick. Shortly, his thoughts are interrupted by Patrick asking him if he'll hold the elevator for him.
Since Keith didn't receive the promotion as expected, he went back in the elevator to seek comfort in Sarah. Unbeknownst to him though, Patrick, who received the promotion, was down there kissing with Sarah. Keith watched in disappointment as the two embraced each other. Patrick then walks to the elevator and asks Keith to hold the door. Inside the elevator Keith watches Patrick's satisfied face in the door's reflection.
Keith returns to the 4th floor in the elevator to see patrick kissing the woman that he likes. keith just watches and then patrick enters the elevator with keith. the two men ascend.
Keith headed back to the 4th floor, where he was unexpectedly met by Patrick kissing Sara passionately after Patrick had just received the promotion over Keith. Patrick asked Keith to hold the elevator door for him, and they rode the elevator together.
When he was bout to get off the elavator the door opened, He saw the girl he likes kissing another guy, this guy asked him to hold the elevator door for him to enter.
on the second floor is a cowoker called Bill from HR who observes somebody and as Keith walks in and signs the register. He enters the office of Patrick who is in charge of the promotion smiling but notice that the atmosphere in Patrick's office tells Keith he didnt get the promotion. He left a little bit sad. nnAs he leaves the office to the ground floor, he enters and sees Patrick and Sarah kissing. Keith was filled with sadness and anger
Keith observes Patrick Campbell kissing the girl he likes. The door to the elevator remains open long enough for Patrick to get in to the lift with the now angry Keith. They ascend.
As the elevator doors open, Keith sees Patrick and Sara kissing. Patrick then enters the elevator with Keith. Keith takes notice of Patrick's reflection, where he has a look of confidence to him.
