Keith was denied promotion and the promotion was given to his colleague who then goes to meet Sarah. Keith comes down to Sarah's office and meets his colleague and her kissing.
Keith didn't get the job promotion. Another guy called Patrick got it instead. Patrick also likes the girl that Keith fancies. And it seems like she likes Patrick as well.
The green guy (Campbell) from above received the promotion that blue guy (Keith Reynolds) was expecting. Campbell makes his way down after Reynolds exits from the elevator. Campbell first heads to the second floor to share the information with the sexy pink lady (Sarah). Meanwhile, Reynolds is sitting down with the HR staffer where he receives the news that he did not earn the promotion. Reynolds heads back to the elevator and indicates he is going to see if Sarah would like another drink. 
Keith walls in the reoom as anothe person leaves, the voice narrates that the handshake was firm and probably indicates good news. The other person leaves for the 4th floor to tell emma their news. keith receives a weak handshake and confirms that someone else got the job, at the same time Emma and the other person share a congratulatory hug. Keith leaves disappointed and heads back to the 4th floor hoping to make Emma a coffee and lick his wounds
Keith Reynolds did not get the promotion. It was given to Patrick instead. Patrick embraces Sarah who congratulates him. 
Keith goes up the elevator. It turns out that Patrick (a green guy) got the promotion instead of Keith. Patrick goes down the elevator to tell Sarah and they hug. Keith is dissapointed and thinks maybe Sarah wants another cup of coffee. He rides back down and as the doors open he sees Sarah and Patrick hugging.
The green man takes the lift downstairs to Sarah's floor. Keith Reynolds goes up to his boss's floor in the lift, the handshake is weaker than expected. He did not get the promotion. The green man had been promoted and Sarah hugged him to congratulate him. Keith Reynolds is on his way back to the same floor as Sarah and the green man.
Keith reynolds has not received the promotion that he was expected to. Instead it was given to someone else who has gone to sara which is keiths love interest to go to the fourth floor. He will be greeted to a not so friendly welcome as he sees his love interest and the guy who got the promotion hugging sarah.
The green man gets a promotion and heads downstairs to the 4th floor where he tell Sara the good news and they hug.  Keith enters the boss's office and finds he does not get the promotion.  He heads downstairs to the 4th floor wondering if Sara would like another cup of coffee.  Sara and the green man are still embracing.
A guy named Patrick Campbell received good news. Meanwhile Keith Reynolds didn't get the promotion that he thought he would get. Patrick was on the fourth floor hugging Sarah and telling her about some good news that he received.
Keith's co-worker Patrick Campbell got the promotion that Keith was trying to get. Patrick went down to the floor to tell Sarah, Keith's crush, that he got the promotion and Sarah and Patrick hugged.
Keith goes to the office expecting the promotion, but patrick got it instead, patrick passes keith and goes to tell sarah the woman keith likes, patric and sarah hug, as keith gets told he didnt get the promotion. 
another character is going downstairs to give the good news to, and hug, the woman keith likes to offer coffee to. Keith goes into the office upstairs and receives a handshake that is weaker than expected. the camera pans back down to the other man who is hugging the woman. the camera pans back up, Keith is in an elevator going back down to the woman he offers coffee too, with the narrator explaining that maybe he could once again try to offer her coffee. He walks in and sees the other man in her embrace. 
Keith reynolds is waiting to go into his meeting, while the green man is heading down in the lift, he has good news to tell someone special and stops at the 4th floor to see Sarah, meanwhile Keith goes into the meeting and can not see the pen and has a weak handshake - the promotion has gone to someone else. He heads down to make Sarah a tea, coffee or hot chocolate.
The plan is nowhere in sigh his promotion has been giving to someone else, he went back to the fourth floor with the hoe of sharing the news with Sarah and maybe she also needs another cup of coffee but he sees her hugging through the windows of the elevator
Keith did not get the promotion, someone else got it and that person is dating the  girl Keith likes. Keith is about to see them embracing. 
The green stick-figure-man, Patrick Campbell, exits the office where interviews were happening, and he is happy because he received good news. Excited, he goes to the fourth floor to share the news with Sarah. In the meantime, Keith Reynolds is in the lift, going to the office where is interview is meant to happen, but once he arrives he realises that the promotion had been given to someone else. Upset, he gets on the elevator and goes down to the fourth floor to see Sarah.
Instead of Keith getting the promotion it goes to Patrick.  Keith then goes to talk to Sara, but she is hugging Patrick.
keith reynolds enter the office of hos boss to see if he has the promotion. meanwhile another member of staff is in the same office as sarah, the girl he wants to impress. Keith does not get the promotion and is very disappointed. he descends in the lift to the 4th floor to see sarah. he enters the room and sees sarah hugging another man.
Keith crosses paths with Patrick; Patrick walks past and heads in the elevator to the 4th floor, where Sarah is -inferred to be Patricks SO - and Keith enters the boss's office. In here, Keith gives a poor handshake and notices the 'gold tip pen' is nowhere to be found, and therefore it is made clear he won't be receiving the promotion. He gets back in the lift to the 4th floor to see if Sarah may want another coffee, but sees Patrick and Sarah cuddling
Patrick Campbell is going down the elevator to tell Sarah the good news that he was the one who got a promotion. Keith Reynolds has just entered the bosses office, expecting a firm handshake and congrats on the promotion but he has discovered that someone else got the promotion and not him. He goes back down the elevator to see Sarah and maybe offer her another cup of coffee or anything at all. Patrick Campbell is still with Sarah, and had been giving her a big hug. 
Brian goes down the elevator in joy as he got the promotion. He tells the girl that he got it and they hug. While this is happening Keith goes to office and gets a handshake weaker than expected, this means that he infact did not get the promotion. When he goes down to the elevator he is surprised to see the girl and brian embracing eachother over Brians promotion
Keith uses the elevator to go to the 4th floor where the interview is. The interview doesn't go well (despite him imagining the opposite) and he is given the news that the promotion has been given to someone else. That someone else is Patrick Campbell who, at this very moment, is down on the 2nd floor being congratulated by Sara. Keith is about to go back down to the second floor to see if Sara wants a coffee, or tea, or similar.
Patrick Campbell, a green man, is seen going down an elevator, and walks up to Sarah. Meanwhile, the narrator reveals that Keith Reynolds did not receive the promotion they expected, and the handshake was also very weak. The camera suddenly pans down to Patrick Campbell, who is telling Sarah that they have received the promotion that Reynolds believed he was in line for. They then embrace. Keith Reynolds, striking a dejected pose, re-enters the elevator, wondering if Sarah would like the coffee. He takes the elevator down to Sarah's floor.
As it turns out Keith did not get the promotion. It was given to someone else. He seems defeated so he went down to the fourth floor.
And there is this green guy who I actually think is in a relationship with Sarah (that Keith likes). And this green guy got promoted and Keith didn't. So the green guy went to Sarah to tell her about this while Keith also went to the floor where Sarah is. 
the green man (patirck?) goes into the room the woman was in to give her good news. Keith reynolds travels up in the lift feeling good and checking his reflection. He gets out and goes into another office with a red man at a desk. He shakes his hand. The handshake is limp. Meanwhile Patrick is telling the woman his good news and they hug. Keith finds out he didn't get the promotion. He walks out of the room and enters the elevator. He thinks about going back down to offer the woman (who is still hugging Patrick who got the promotion) another drink, perhaps something different. He gets out of the lift....
Patrick joins the Sarah on the same floor to tell her of his good news. Keith finds out he did not get the promotion. He then goes back to the same floor Sarah and Patrick are on.
Keith Reynolds wasnt promoted as the promotionwas given to someone else who is also interested in Sarah. Keith is on his way back to find Sarah and get his mind off not being promoted. 
The man was told he did not get his promotion.
