Sarah sees Keith dragging Patrick's dead body towards the window. Keith has a brief fantasy about kissing her then Sarah faints at the sight of the dead body.
Keith Reynolds is dragging the body of Patrick Campbell. Sarah suddenly comes into the area and witnesses this. She doesn't say anything. Keith wishes that Sarah would like his masculine ways. Sarah reacts to seeing the body by fainting. Keith Reynolds thinks that dead bodies clearly have this effect on women.
we breifle see a shot of the reception with two figures throwing paper in to a rubbish bin as entertainment. we then return to keith, patrick and sarah interrupting them. Keith says nothing hoping to look cool and mysterious but sarah faints at the sight of paricks body
The scene shows security playing around on the bottom floor before going back to Keith. Sarah has just come on to their floor from the stairs and sees Keith with Patricks body. She stops and stares, and again the narrator explains that Keith is hoping that it will somehow make her like him more. Instead, she faints due to seeing the body.
sara saw him with the dead body and fainted.
Sarah sees Keith with Patricks body. She watches in horror while Keith hopes she will love him and run to him. She doesn't she faints.
As Keith was making his way to the ladder that he saw, Sarah see's him dragging Patrick. She doesn't say anything and looks at Keith in a way no women has done before. She then proceeds to faint and Keith says he guesses that dead bodies have that effect on women.
As Keith tried to get Patrick's dead body outside using the ladder found outside the window, Beth spots him and faints at the sight of the dead body. We also know that security is maintained in the bottom floor 
As Keith is dragging Patrick's dead body towards the ladder, Sarah appears and sees them. She faints. Keith wishes she would rush into his arms.
Patrick pulls Keiths dead body out of the lift and starts to drag it downstairs, meanwhile Ruth the lady who was waiting for the lift decided to walk up there stairs where she see's Patrick with the dead body and she faints and falls backwards down the stairs banging her head and killing herself.  Patrick keeps on dragging Keiths body over to a window when Sarah comes in and faints at the sight.
Keith needs to hide Patrick's body and tries to drag it down the stairs. He's then discovered by Sarah, who faints.
Sarah saw Keith with the dead green man and fainted
Two workers are downstairs playing trash can basketball. Keith is on the floor above, dragging his coworker Patrick's body towards the open window. Sara comes in and sees him. She faints after seeing that he is dragging a dead body. Keith continues what he was doing.
Sarah misses Patrick and makes an excuse to see him at his office by bringing some files to him. She catches Keith Reynolds with Patrick Campbell's dead body. Keith Reynolds thinks to himself that he wishes Sarah were the silent type and that she wishes he stayed the way he is. Sarah ends up fainting.
Sarah ended up spotting Keith dragging Patrick's dead body to the ladder outside and fainted.
As Keith was dragging Patrick towards the ladder, Sarah saw him, and froze in fear and said nothing. Keith hoped that she was not alarmed, and would like him the way he was. Sarah the passed out
While wondering what to do next, he bumps into Sarah. Sarah fainted at the sight of the dead body 
Sarah sees Keith carrying Patrick's body as he's attempting to sneak it past security and faints at the sight of it.
Keith was dragging the body to the window which he saw the ladder, the women he liked caught him and fainted.
Keith was dragging Patricks dead body down the stairs when he ran into the female worker headed to the 7th floor. The worker fell down the stairs and died. Keith decided to move the body to the 5th floor to avoid security downstairs. He then runs into the girl he has a crush on and she passes out from seeing Keith with a dead body.
Keith is carrying Patrick's dead body to a back stairwell to avoid security seeing him when Sarah appears. Sarah looks at Keith carrying Patrick's body. Keith fantasizes that she will run into his arms and tell him that she loves him just the way he is. Sarah faints.
Some people are skiving off work on the bottom floor. Campbell is hiding the body from the murder, and Sarah spots him moving it as he is moving towards the ladder he is going to use on the fifth floor to avoid security. She faints after he hopes she'd like him and run into his arms.
he decided he wanted to go out the ladder so he can get away and not worry about security but the pink girl was going up to the green mans office to give him some files and felt like she hadnt seen him in hours. She met keith dragging the body to the window and the keith thought he shouldnt say anything as she might like the quite type and ignored the fact that he killed the green man. The girl fainted and
As Keith was dragging Patrick along floor towards a large ladder, he meets his crush who faints as she sees the sight before her eyes! 
Sarah sees Keith dragging Patrick's dead body towards the outside ladder. Keith fantasises about Sarah running into his arms but instead she feints at the site of Patrick's body.
KEITH NEEDED TO DISPOSE OF THE BODY. SO HE DRAGGED PATRICKS BODY TO THE STAIRCASE TO AVOID ANYONE ELSE SEEING THEM IN THE ELEVATOR. ON HIS WAY DOWN, A WOMAN WAS WALKING THE STAIRCASE, SPOTTED KEITH DRAGGING THE BODY AND FAINTED FALLING DOWN A STAIRCASE. KEITH IGNORED HER AND CONTINUED TO DRAG PATRICKS BODY. HE THEN RAN INTO SARAH IN THE STAIRCASE, WHO TOOK ONE LOOK AT KEITH DRAGGING PARTRICKS BLOODY BODY AND SHE FAINTED AS WELL.
As kieth is about to climb down a ladder with Patrick's dead body to avoid security Sara spots Kieth with the body and just stare at eachother from across the room. In Kieth's head he is thinking she may finally declare the feelings she always had for him, she didn't, she fainted just like Ruth.
sarah saw keith with patris dead body, stood by the window, sarah look at keith and then faints, the keith then slumps patrics dead body down, turns to open the window 
Keith carries Patrick's dead body to the window, where there is a ladder, he is hoping that he can avoid security on the ground floor. That's when Sarah, the girl he likes, walks in and sees him holding Patrick's dead body and proceeds to faint.
It's Sarah, she came in while Keith was dragging a dead body around the building and then she faints. Keith turns to continue to try and hide the body now. 
