Patrick and Keith were on the elevator together. Patrick went to get off and Keith told him to go F himself. Patrick came back in and punched Keith, Keith hit back and went berserk and killed Patrick in the elevator. Blood was everywhere.
So keith lost his promotion opportunity and a guy named Burt campbell-the green dude-gets promoted. keith goes down to the floor to his crush Sarah. Keith sees sarah making out with Burt, keith later gets in the elevator with Burt and is very angry, Keith kills Burt once they leave the elevator and no one sees it, nonetheless keith leaves a gruesome scene in the office.
Keith initially apologises, but this was clearly insufficient. The two men get into a fight inside the elevator. There is blood on Keith's shirt, and Patrick Campbell is dead.
Keith reynolds gets back in the lift to the fourth floor. He sees patrick campbell and sarah kissing, he wonders what he would do if they were stuck in a small room together. Patrick campbell joins keith in the lift, keith tells patrick three words that anger patrick. Patrick punches keith and a fight breaks out. Keith reynolds ends up killing patrick campbell.
Keith takes the elevator back up to his office after finding out that he did not get the promotion and it was given to Pat instead. When the elevator doors open Keith sees Pat kissing Sarah. Keith is jealous and angry. Pat asks Keith to hold the elevator and gets in. Both Pat and Keith travel to a lower floor and pat gets out first. Then he returns to the elevator and kills Pat. he wonders if the blood will come out of his shirt and whether this will make him more attractive to Sarah 
Keith Reynolds got very angry and ended up having a physical altercation in the elevator with his coworker and he was motivated to do so because he saw the coworker and Sarah kissing. Keith Reynolds ended up killing the coworker and there was blood in the elevator and he started to think about what he could do about this.
Turns out Keith is not so much of a simp,more of a hard case. Patrick turns round  throws the first punch after hearing Keiths insult. But Keith destroys him Sopranos style in the lift ,ending up killing him with his breifcase. Now what ?nnthen you woke up
after keith saw the man kissing the lady he like he said something rude to him, which made him angry. They ended up fighting and keith killed him.
After Keith was unpleasant towards Patrick, Patrick then returned into the elevator and punched Keith. Keith retaliated and punch Patrick back multiple times. Blood covered the elevator and Patrick was on the floor. Finally, Keith slammed his briefcase into Patrick's head and Patrick was now dead.
Keith tells Patrick to do something (offensive) and quickly apologies but a fight ensues in the elevator. Keith hits Patrick with his briefcase and soon realises he has killed him.
The main character got into a fight in the elevator with the colleague that he saw kissing his crush and killed him.
After Keith sees Patrick kissing his love interest, he ends up fighting Patrick which results in him killing him.
Keith calls Patrick a name in the elevator. Patrick punches Keith and Keith hits back. He doesn't stop punching and eventually crushes Patrick's skull with his briefcase. Blood sprays all over the elevator. Keith wonders if the woman would like him now.
It's implied that keith told patrick to go fuck yourself or something to that effect. Patrick punches him, starting a fight with Keith is winning. The narrator says Keith wonder if he will be able to hide the bruising and blood before he realises he has killed Patrick by bashing his suitcase into his head.
Having heard what Keith said, Patrick came back to the elevator to confront him.  Keith punched him, and then continued to attack him until Patrick was dead.
After kissing Sarah Patrick got into the lift with our hero and they went up two floors. As Patrick left the lift our hero said three obnoxious words to him. A fight broke out and blood was spilled. It resulted in the death of Patrick.
Keith and Patrick find themselves alone in the elevator and Keith says a three word profane statement to Patrick, causing a confrontation. Keith snaps and begins beating Patrick and hitting him over the head with a briefcase in the elevator. He ends up killing Patrick and needs to think quickly on how to disguise this violent crime.
Keith Reynolds said something rude to Patrick Campbell as Patrick Campbell was leaving the elevator they were in. Patrick Campbell returned to the elevator and began to fight Keith Reynolds. Keith Reynolds begins beating Patrick Campbell, wondering if Sarah would like him as a rugged man. Keith Reynolds beats Patrick Campbell to death with his briefcase in the elevator.
In the elevator Keith Reynolds tells Patrick Campbell to go f*ck himself. Patrick punches Keith. Keith beats and eventually kills Patrick in the elevator. Keith wonders if Sarah will like him better now.
Keith and Patrick are in the lift heading up together. As Patrick leaves the lift, Keith says something to Patrick that he had never said to anyone before, and he instantly regrets it. Patrick comes back into the lift and hits Keith. Keith wonders if he can get the blood out of his shirt, or if his face will be bruised. He also wonders if this will make Sarah love him. However, he then realises that he has killed Patrick.
Keith Reynolds, the blue stick figure, heads back down to the fourth floor after learning that he did not get the promotion.  When the elevator doors open, he sees the green stick figure, Patrick Campbell, kissing the pink stick figure.  Just then, Patrick asks Keith to hold the elevator and joins him inside.  They ride up, and as Patrick is exiting on his floor, Keith says something rude to him.  Patrick gets in his face and they fight.  Ultimately, Keith ends up killing Patrick in the elevator.  
keith saw patrick cambell kissing sarah when he had gone up to their floor when the elevator doors opened and keith was not happy and patrick cambell got into the lift with him keith and patrick had a fight in the elevator and keith killed patrick in the elevator
as patrick gets out the elevator, keith tells him to go fuck himself (or something similar). Keith hears this and re-enters the elevator and punches keith. keith then fights back after initially cowarding and then beats patrick up and eventually kills him in the elevator, all the while he is thinking of Sarah
The two rival men (Keith, blue guy) and Patrick Campbell (green guy) catch the elevator back upstairs. nPatrick goes to leave the elevator and as he does, Keith calls him a name. We don't hear what it is. Although, we know that he's never called anyone this type of name before. nPatrick Campbell takes offence and enters the elevator again. He's angry and starts aggressively fronting up to Keith.nKeith apologies. But it is futile. nPatrick punches Keith in the face. Blood gets on the elevator wallsnKeith retaliates by punching Patrick in the face a number of times. Patrick falls to the elevator floor. We see Keith pick up his briefcase and repeatedly smack Patrick over the head with it, causing blood to spurt out all over the elevator. nThe narrator tells us Patrick is dead. 
keith and patrick get into an argument after keith makes a rude gesture at him. this causes patrick to confront him and a physical argument takes place where keith kills patrick.
After Keith Reynolds found out that Patrick Campbell and Sarah were lovers. He started to fight with him in the lift and blood spewed everywhere. He had killed him.
Keith insulted green guy as green guy left, making green guy turn around and start a fight in the elevator. After taking a few hits, Keith then fought back, and eventually killed green guy.
Keith is in the elevator watching as Patrick and Sarah kiss. Patrick asks Keith to hold the elevator and gets in. The lift moves upwards and Keith is angry inside that Patrick got the promotion and the girl. As Patrick exists the lift Keith shouts 3 words to him go **** yourself. This causes Patrick to run back into the lift and confront Keith. A fight ensues and Keith punches Patrick. He proceeds to punch and hit him with his briefcase. Keith announces that he has killed Patrick!
lost the gold pen and his promotion was given to another asked sara for coffee or hot choc :it skipped  then waits for elevator which takes longer than normal he sees pat cambell in there he also see his reflection keith then thought if i punch pat will it leave blood stains and then realised he has killed him
Keith just killed Patrick
