after killing one person he takes the stairs and runs into a lady coming up the stairs. Who feints, falls down the stairs and kills herself.
After killing Patrick, Keith was deciding what to do. He decided to take the body down the stairs to deal with it. Ruth was walking up the stairs to go to the bathroom and on the 6th floor she saw the body of Patrick that Keith was dragging down the stairs. She faints and falls down the stairs. Keith steps over her blood and is generally remorseful  about Ruth.
Keith knows he must discreetly dispose of Patrick Campbell's dead corpse and decides to take him home. Feeling the elevator was a too risky, he decides to take the stairs. On the 6th floor, Ruth Charles, a light green woman, was also taking the stairs, sees Keith dragging Patrick's corpse, and faints. She falls down the flight of stairs and an audible snap could be heard. Ruth is dead presumably from a broken neck. Keith thinks to himself that Ruth's death was a genuine accident and is sorry. He then continues to drag Patrick's body down the staircase.
The first man had killed someone and is trying to clean up his mess but was caught.
As Keith begins to drag Patrick's body down the stairs, he bumps into Ruth who's on her way up to use the bathroom. When she sees Patrick's mutilated body her eyes roll into the back of her head, she faints and falls back down the stairs.
Keith Reynolds tells off Patrick Campbell and it results in an intense fight. It get's bloody. He hopes he can wash the blood off this shirt before it stains. Eventually, he realizes that he has killed Patrick. He needs to go home to dispose of the body, but doesn't want to get caught red handed in the elevator. No one likes a murderer. Meanwhile, Ruth, from accounting I think. wants to use the bathroom on an upper floor as it has a better soap dispenser. So she walks upstairs just as Keith is dragging Patricks body downstairs. She rolls her eyes then falls down the stairs. Keith is careful not to get any of her blood on him.  
As Keith was dragging Patrick's body out of the elevator to the staircase, Ruth was walking up the stairs. Ruth saw Keith dragging Patrick down the stairs, covered in blood, and feinted and fell down the stairs and it sounded like she broke her neck, possibly dying. Keith was sorry as it was genuinely an accident and was careful not to step in her blood as he went past her.
Keith is caught with Patrick's body as he drags it down the stairs as Ruth is coming up. He accidently kills Ruth too. Then continues dragging Patrick's body down, careful not to get any of Ruth's blood on him. 
Keith ends up murdering Patrick, the man that is romantically involved with the girl he likes.He decides to drag his body out if the elevator, into the stairwell down the stairs to figure out a way to dispose of the body. While dragging the body and covered in blood, he runs into another coworker that is taking the stairs for exercise on her way to the bathroom. When she sees him, she is shocked and falls down the stairs. He feels badly about that because it was an accident and he did not ever intend to see someone or for her to get hurt. He continues to drag Patricks dead body down the stairs and past the woman that has fallen.
Keith drags Patrick's body out of the lift, opting to take him down the stairs to avoid colleagues, to dispose of the body. As he is going down the stairs Ruth sees both him and Patrick's body, fainting in shock. The faint causes Ruth to fall down the stairs, taking a fatal fall.
as keith is dragging patrick's body down the stairs he runs into ruth who faints and falls down the stairs breaking her neck. Keith is sorry because her death was an accident so he's careful not to step in her blood as he continues dragging patrick's body
Ruth encounters Keith  dragging Patrick's body on the stairs and faints, thereby falling back down the stairs and dying. Keith continues down the stairs being careful not to step in Ruth's blood.
As Keith is attempting to drag Pat's body down the stairs, Ruth is climbing the stairs to go to the restroom. When she encounters Keith dragging Pat's body down the stairs, she faints, falls back down the stairs and breaks her neck. Keith is sorry for this and carefully tries not to step in her blood on the way down.
Keith is dragging Patrick's body down the stairs until he meets Ruth, who shocked at the sight of a dead body falls backwards and dies. Keith is careful to not get any blood on him as he steps past her.
While Reynolds dragged Patrick's body down the stairs another person in the office, Ruth, was walking up the stairs. Ruth fainted, fell down the stairs, and died.
Keith was dragging Patrick's body down the stairs and while he was doing so ruth  was going up the stairs to use the washroom. As she was going up she encountered Keith dragging the lifeless body of Patrick and ended up fainting  passing out knocking herself out. 
Well, things have escalated quite a bit. After Renolds murdered the other guy in the lift, he started dragging him out of the lift and down the stairs to find a way to get rid of the body. Unfortunately another office worker, Ruth, was going up the stairs at the same time and ends up fainting when she sees the sight of Renold dragging the body. 
Keith was dragging Patricks dead body down a flight of stairs when another co-worker saw this, and she fainted down the flight of stairs. Keith continued to bring Patricks body past his co-worker who had just fallen down the stairs, even though her falling was a sheer accident. 
Keith is going to take Patrisk's body home to dispose of it so he starts dragging the body to the stairs. A lady called Ruth is going up the stairs to the toilet there and she sees Keith there covered in bloody and dragging Patrick's mutilated body. When she sees it she falls over and down the stairs and dies.
Keith pulls Patrick's body from the lift and decides to drag his body down the stairs whilst Ruth also decides to take the stains up to the 7th floor bathroom. They meet on the 6th floor and as Ruth sees Keith dragging Patrick's body, her eyes roll to the back of her head and she falls down a flight of stairs, breaking her neck and killing herself instantly. Keight continues to drag Patrick down, avoiding Ruth's body and blood in the process. 
Keith begins to drag Patrick's body down the stairs. Ruth is making her way up the stairs thinking about how she is ready to go home for the day. Just then the two run into each other on the 6th floor. Ruth sees Patrick's bloody and mutilated body. Ruth faints from shock and falls down the stairs to her death. Ruth's death was a complete accident. Keith continues to drag Patrick's body down the stairs making sure not to step in Ruth's blood.
Keith got mad at Patrick and cursed at him. So Patrick punched Keith in the face. Then the two of them got into a fight in the elevator and Keith ended up killing Patrick. In the meantime, Ruth was going up the stairs to the bathroom on the 7th floor because she liked the soap dispenser in that bathroom. As she was walking up, she saw Keith dragging Patrick's mutilated body down the stairs and she fainted. Keith walked past her with Patrick's body and was careful not to step in her blood.
After killing Patrick, Keith Reynolds decides he must move his body from the elevator and take it home with him. He pulls Patrick from the elevator and heads down the stairs, just as Ruth Charles is coming up the stairs. The two cross paths. Startled, Ruth's eyes roll up into her head, she looses consciousness, and then breaks her neck on the stairs. 
As Keith is carrying Patrick's mutilated body down the stairs, Ruth reaches the 6th floor and sees him covered in blood and looking guilty. Ruth's eyes roll to the back of her head as she faints and falls down the stairs, breaking her neck. Since it was an actual accident, Keith feels guilty but continues on dragging Patrick out of there while being careful not to step on Ruth's blood.
Keith decides to take patrick body home with him via the stairwell. he is witnessed dragging the body by another female worker. she faints, falling down the stairs and dying.
Keith was disposing of Patrick's body via. the stairwell when he met Ruth who was also using the stairs. When Ruth saw Patrick's dead body, she fainted. Keith continued down the stairs afterwards.
He picked up the body and was going down the stairs when he met the woman who was going up the stairs. Seeing the body, she passed out.
As Keith attempts to drag Patrick's lifeless body down the staircase, he unexpectedly encounters Ruth, who is heading upstairs to use the restroom. Upon witnessing Keith with Patricks's body, Ruth is overcome with shock and faints, tumbling off the staircase.
Keith has killed Patrick and now decides to take the body out of the lift and home before he is caught. Unfortunately, Ruth is heading up the stairs to the toilet on the seventh floor and sees Keith dragging Patricks mutilated body. She faints, falls down the stairs and dies...
Ruth sees Keith dragging Patrick's dead body down the stairs. She faints backwards and falls. Keith makes sure not to step in her blood.
