now its getting complicated keith tries to take Patrick home, to dispose of him but bumps into Ruth , on the stairs, Ruth faints, falls down stairs and dies, Keith now decides to walk past Ruth , not stepping in her blood, takes Patrick to a window, where there is a ladder, meanwhile , Sara is missing Patrick, so decides to take files to his floor but finds Keith at this window, with Patricks dead body.. She drops her files .. 
sarah misses her boyfriend and goes to look for him. keith sees a ladder and decides to climb out of the window to avoid being caught. sarah catches him.
Keith's violence results in the murder of Patrick.  Ruth who is on a different floor is taking a break so she heads up the stairs.  Keith decides to cover up the murder of Patrick and drags him out of the elevator and down the same flight of stairs that Ruth is heading up.  On the way up Ruth catch Keith in the act of dragging Patrick's body down the stairs.  She faints and lands hard down a flight of stairs, she dies.  As Keith is about to drag Patrick out the window and past security, down a ladder, Sarah catches him dragging Patrick's body.  Sarah was on her way to see Patrick and give him some files.
Another lady starts taking the stairs up, see's Keith dragging the body down the stairs and passes out, killing herself as she falls from stairs.  Sarah, also starts heading up the stairs since she wants to see Patrick again.  She taking files for an excuse.  She runs into Keith dragging Patrick.  Patrick was taking a new way down so he could bypass security.
Keith has inadvertently caused another woman to fall down the stairs and break her neck at the sight of the first guy's mutilated body. he decides he's going to use the ladder the first dude fell from to escape but Sarah walks in and catches him in the act.
Kieth ended up killing Patrick in the elevator. While trying to remove his body from the building he was caught buy the secretary on the stairs. She faints and then falls down the stairs. Kieth decides to take the outside ladder with Patrick, Sarah discovers him.
sarah (the girl kieth likes and the girl who was kissing the guy kieth killed) sees kieth disposing of the body out the window. security are busy and on the 5th floor or smth
Sara wants see Patrick again so she takes out some files as an excuse to see him. As she goes up to the fifth floor she sees Keith dragging Patrick's lifeless body. As Keith was planning on using the ladder to go down.
Keith decides to take Patrick's body down the ladder where the orange figure fell earlier in order to avoid security on the ground floor, (grey and red). Sarah (pink) catches sight of Keith dragging Patrick's body. 
Keith tries to drag Patrick down the stares and hiding him in his house for a while but another worker see's Keith dragging Patrick's body down the stairs and has a heart attack out of shock. Sarah, Keith's crush, sees him dragging Patrick. 
Sarah decides to go up to Patrick Campbell's office with an excuse to visit him.  On the way, she sees Keith.  Keith had decided to take a ladder down so that he wouldn't have to pass through the reception area.  Sarah drops the object that she was carrying to Patrick's office when she sees Keith dragging Patrick's body.  
Keith is going to take Patrick's body down the outside ladder instead of the stairs and Sarah is going up the stairs to look for Patrick. She spots him just as he's about to go out the window. 
After Keith kills Patrick he starts carrying his body down stairs then another women sees him on the stairs and falls down the stairs in shock. Keith tries to not get any blood on himself. Meanwhile Sara wonders where Patrick is. Keith then uses a ladder so he can avoid the security at the bottom of the building but then Sara walks in and sees him carrying Patricks body.
He has been trying to dispose of the body and while doing so another person got hurt by falling down the stairs by acccident and he avoided touching the blood. The girl missing the dead guy goes to see what has happened since he has not come back in a while. 
Sarah went to give Patrick some files in his office as an opportuity to see him. Keith decided to go down using a ladder by his window to avoid meeting security downstairs. He was going towards the ladder with Patrick when Sarah sees him
Keith drags Patrick's body down the stairs. He runs into a girl going up to the seventh floor bathroom. She faints and falls down the stairs, breaking her neck. Keith says it's an accident and he's sorry about it. He decides to use the ladder to get to the ground floor so he doesn't have to pass security. Sarah heads up to Patrick's office to see him. She sees his body and drops whatever she is holding.
Sarah's mind is on Patrick. She hasn't seen him in a while so she decides to take some files up to his office as an excuse to see him again. Meanwhile, Keith is still making his way down the stairs with Patrick's body. He spots a ladder and decides he will use that instead of the stairs to avoid security. While making his way towards the ladder, he and Sarah comes face-to-face with each other. 
Keith feels the only way out of his situation is to use the ladder outside of the window, as he's pulling Patrick's body over to the window, Sarah arrives; she had started to miss Patrick and was on her way to his office so she could see him. Keith is caught red handed with Patrick's battered body.
Keith ended up killing Patrick in the elevator.  At the same time, Ruth the secretary had to use the restroom.  Keith dragged Patrick out of the elevator to get rid of his body and saw Ruth on the stairs - Ruth fell down the stairs and died.  Keith then dragged Patrick down the stairs and past Ruth to avoid her blood.  As Keith was dragging Patricks body out (down the hallway) Sarah walked by them and saw Keith dragging Patrick.
keith drags the coworker close to the window because he sees a escape ladder and sera sees them and drops what's in her hands.
keith was going to take the body down the outside stairs so he didnt have to see the security guards. sara then saw keith puling pats body through the office
Keith Reynolds has killed his rival and is trying to hide the body. The lady from a few floors down sees him dragging the body down the stairs, and faints. She breaks her neck falling down the stairs. He passes her and is about to climb down a ladder with the dead body. Then the woman he has a crush on sees what he is doing.
Keith is dragging Patrick down the stairs and decides that it would be best to carry him down the ladder that is outside the building in order to avoid the security guard downstairs.  Sarah is missing Patrick and makes up an excuse of needing to bring him some files in order to go visit him in his office.  When she makes it up to the floor that Keith is on, she sees Keith pulling Patrick's body over to the window.
A narrator explains that Sarah misses Patrick adn so decides to go and take some files to him. Keith meanwhile is still dragging patrick, but decides to take the ladder so that he won't have to go past security - the security team is shown playing a game throwing rolled up paper into a bin, so it seems as if they wouldn't be paying muhc attention anyway. Before Keith can get to the ladder, however, Sarah sees him and sees Patrick's body. 
Sarah is missing Patrick, so decides to take a file to his office as an excuse to see him. Meanwhile, Keith, still dragging Patrick's mutilated body, sees a ladder leading down from the fifth floor. He decides it would be best to take this exit with the body, avoiding security by the entrance. At this moment, Sarah reaches the fifth floor and sees Keith dragging Patrick's dead body, dropping the file. 
Keith accidentally kills Patrick in the elevator. He decides to dispose off the body through the stairs. As he was climbing down the stairs, Keith met the Accountant who saw  Patrick's body as well as his blood stained clothes. In shock she then falls down the stairs
Keith decides to drag Patrick's body down the stairs, so that he is not spotted in the elevator. On the way down, he scares a female employee with the gruesome sight, causing her to fall down the stairs and die. He is sorry for her death, noting that it was truly an accident. Keith decides to drag Patrick's body to a ladder that he sees outside the window instead of continuing with the stairs, but is spotted by Sarah before he can exit. 
Sarah missed Campbell and stared going to his floor. Reynolds was thinking about how to get rid of Campbell's body. He was just take him to outside stairs thinking building securities would not notice him. Meanwhile, Sarah came to the floor and saw Reynolds carrying dead Campbell.
Sara decides to go upstairs as an excuse to see Patrick. Keith is dragging the dead body of Patrick and trying to avoid security if he can. Sara spots Keith dragging the dead body of Patrick across the floor.
Serah decided to go up to the fifth floor to check on Patrick because she was expecting him to have returned. But when Serah got to the fifth floor, she saw Keith pulling Patrick body on the floor. 
