Keith thought Sara, may be impressed that she caught him, with dead patrick , she fainted, as women often do, at the sight of dead bodies, at least she was on the ground , lived to die another day, on the way down the ladder, after dropping Patrick, Keith saw a man, he'd never seen before, mopping, his name, Barry, Keith contemplated, I only wanted a good life, like everyone else, I didn't want this, Barry turns, see's Keith on the ladder but did not see dead Patrick ..
keith is balanced on a ladder and the man is shocked.
Sarah faints after not saying a word as she sees Keith dragging Patrick's body to the window.  Keith grabs Patrick and loses his grip of the body as he grabs the ladder outside.  Keith then is left hanging barely balanced upright on the ladder, seemingly unable to grab the building to re-enter it.  He sees a man whose job is to mop floors.  The man stares back as keith hangs in the balance
Not much happened, Keith is still balanced on the ladder looking at the person mopping the floor.  It ends like that.
Barry turns round from his work to see Keith precariously balanced on an unsupported laffer out of the window. 
Kieth realizing that was is given to you can be quickly taken away as he watches the cleaning person from the balancing ladder outside.
kieth had a realisation. he had never seen someone working at work before. he balanced there outside the building debating what to do. he was upset that his whole life has been thrown away after one minute of mistake.
Keith Reynolds balanced at the ladder looks at Barry mopping the floor.
Keith continues to balance as the narrator says 'Keith Reynolds balanced there'. The screen then cuts to black.
Keith is balancing on a ladder outside the office building after dropping Patrick and a janitor see's Keith.
The only part my friend missed was the line Keith Reynolds, balanced there.  Keith Reynolds gently sways back and forth, balancing on the ladder, looking at the janitor through the window.  
The two people, Keith Richards, and the guy he's never seen before are staring at eachother through the window. Keith is on the ladder balancing outside, we're not sure if he's going to fall. 
Keith was balanced on the ladder looking in the window looking at Barry mopping the floor. Barry looked back at him.
Keith was balanced on a ladder outside of the business and was seen by a janitor he had never seen before cleaning the floor and he was staring at him outside.
The man Barry whose job is to mop the floors, saw Keith climbing down the laddder out the window
Barry, the man who mopped the floors turned to see out the window. He saw Keith balanced there on the ladder, staring back at him.
Barry stops mopping the floor and stares at Keith Reynolds balancing on the pole outside the window.
Barry the cleaner looks out of the window to see Keith balanced on a ladder, pondering his life and existence and thinking about what has gone by and what each of us chases. A life where good things can be taken from you in the blink of an eye
Sarah saw Keith dragging Patrick's body and she fainted.  Keith then kept dragging patricks body and threw him over a ledge,  After Keith threw Patrick's body over a ledge he got on a rope to climb down.  As Keith was climbing down the rope he saw a janitor through an office window cleaning a floor.  Keith stopped and stared at the janitor and realized we all want the same things in life. Love.
berry looks out the window and sees keith reynolds balancing on a ladder outside the window. In that moment they just look at one another in aww.
keith saw barry who was mopping the floor and keith just balanced himself on the outdoor ladder
Keith Reynolds is balanced on the ladder as the janitor looks out of the window and sees him.
Barry the janitor looked up from the floor he was mopping and saw Keith balancing on a ladder outside of the building.
Keith balances on the ladder, looking in at the man standing in the office who is also looking back at him. 
Barry, the Janitor, spots Keith Reynolds, balanced on the ladder outside of the window, it what is described as a very surreal moment.
As Keith was climbing down the ladder he saw a man named Barry who who is a cleaner at the company mopping the floor.
Keith balances on the ladder after throwing Patrick's body to the ground and sees a janitor, Barry, who he has never seen before. The movie ends with the two looking at each other in confusion. 
Kieth Reynolds balanced on the ladder where the cleaner guys looking at him.
Keith reynolds was balancing on a ladder contemplating what people want in general. He was looking at the janitor through a window. Barry the janitor looked up from mopping the floor. Barry was now looking at Keith through the window.
After Keith tried to pull Patrick body while standing on the ladder, Mary, who was mopping the floor was shown on the next floor. Meanwhile, Keith, carrying the body of Patrick tried to maintain his balance on the ladder.
