After Keith doesn't get his promotion, he goes to see Sarah, he thinks about the drinks he will offer her, tea, hot chocolate or maybe another coffee.nWhen the lift arrives and the doors open, Keith sees Patrick Campbell, the green stick figure, kissing Sarah. The doors seem to say open, forcing Keith to carry on watching them kiss with their mouths open.
Keith leaves the room after not getting promoted and headed back down to see Sarah. When the elevator door opens he sees Sarah and the green figure who just got promoted hugging for a long time. The green figure ends up leaving the room after a while.
There was no golden pen and the hand shake was week. Keith did not get that promotion. As he leave the voice over contines to say he wonders if Srah would want another drink, Tea, Coffee or maybe hot choclate. He goes down stairs to find atrick who did get a promotion Kissing with Sarah his dream girl. Keith wonder what he would do to Kieth if alone in a room together.
Keith was heading to same floor as green stick man (Patrrick) and walks into him kissing (Sarah and Patrick the green stick man).  Keith is astonished and the kiss goes on for a long time and appears downhearted and blue.
after the disappointment of not getting the promotion Keith gets back in the lift hoping to go and offer a tea or coffee to Sarah. When the elevator gets to the fourth floor where she is the door opens and he sees her kissing Patrick. The door stays open a long time and Keith fantasises about what he would do to Patrick,
Keith Reynolds did not get the promotion.  He goes back down the elevator to see Patrick Cambell kissing Sarah.  Patrick then gets on the elevator with Keith.
The blue guy goes down the 4th floor where the chick is but the green guy who got the promotion is there kissing the chick. The green guy gets in the elevator with the blue guy. 
After Keith does not get the promotion he goes downstairs to see if Sarah would like another coffee. As the elevator door opens he see Patrick and Sarah kissing each other. Keith stands there imagining what he would do to Patrick if they were trapped in a small room together. Patrick then finishes kissing Sarah and goes into the same elevator as Keith.
Keith goes back to make Sarah a coffee but when he gets there shes kissing Patrick.
Keith goes down to see sarah on the 4th floor even though he didn't get the promotion. When the lift doors open he sees her kissing Patrick and it goes on for ages. Then Patrick comes to get in the lift with him
Keith returns to his office floor, where he discovers Patrick and Sarah kissing. Keith is shocked and sad. He begins to fantasie what he would do do to patrick in a small place. Patrick then enters the lift
Keith Reynolds just had a really bad day, He didn't get the promotion and also the girl he has been crushing was kissing the person who took his promotion.
After going up some floors to see if he got the promotion from his boss, which he didnt. He rode the elevator down to the fourth floor to where sara was to see her kissing his competition. 
Patrick got the Job instead Keith didn't. he then saw Patrick kissing Sarah on his way down to meet Sarah again.
The main character was not promoted and decided to go back to the floor where the secretary was. As the elevator opens, he sees his crush and the his coworker who got promoted kissing. 
The promotion that Keith expected had been given to Patrick Campbell. Keith returns to the fourth floor to try to get Sarah (not sandra!) to like him with another cup of coffee. When he arrives, he sees Sarah and Patrick kissing for what seems a very long time.
After Keith did not get the promotion he got in the lift down to the 4th floor , Steve was there and was kissing Sarah, Steve then got in the lift with Keith and was stuck in the small space with him.
Keith didnt get his promotion as it was given to a guy named Patrick. Keith on his way down the elevator to the same floor with the woman see's the woman of his dreams and Patrick kissing. Now Keith is thinking of what he would do if it was just him and patrick in the elevator suggesting he might fight the man.
Keith goes to make Sarah a cup of coffee to cheer himself up and the elevator doors open to her kissing Patrick Campbell. He watches them and gets mad
Bill on the 2nd floor sees a body fall past his window and calls an ambulance. Keith doesn't get the promotion, Patrick Campbell gets it.nnPatrick Campbell and Sarah are in a relationship and Keith fantasizes about hurting Patrick.
Keith found the secretary he like kissing another coworker and is upset
Patrick Campbell was leaving the office and going to the 3rd floor to tell Sarah some good news. Keith had gone to the 4th floor but he wasn't sure if he will get the promotion as the handshake was weaker and no pen to sign his name for the promotion. He realises it has been given to someone else. He gets a lift to go back to the 3rd floor and see's Sarah and Patrick kissing. He drops his bag and watches and wonders what he would do to Patrick if he caught him in a small room. Sarah and Patrick stop kissing and Patrick is walking towards the lift it seems.
Keith is going down the elevator to see if Sarah wants another cup of coffee but when he doors open he sees Sarah and Patrick kissing. He stands in the elevator, watching, imagining what he will do to Patrick if he get an opportunity. Patrick starts heading towards the elevator.
Keith Reynolds was going up in an elevator to see his dream girl but when the elevator door opened he saw her kissing Patrick Campbell. Keith jusr stared at them as they kissed with the elevator door never closing, and he dreamt of how he would get back at Patrick when all of a sudden Patrick stopped kisssing her and entered the elevator with him.
He failed to get the promotion as someone else got it. That someone else told Sarah and when Keith when down to offer Sarah another hot drink he saw both of them kissing
Keith heads down in the lift back to the fourth floor to see if Sarah wants another cup of coffee. From the doors opening Keith sees Sarah and Patrick kissing, Keith then imagines what he would do to Patrick if stuck in a small space with him, Patrick then enters the lift with Keith. 
Keith didn't get promoted. He took the lift back to his floor. He sees Sarah and Patrick kissing as he was promoted. He stands in the lift.
So, since he didn't get the promotion, Keith decided to go offer Sara another cup of coffee. Turns out Sara and green guy (forgot his name already, sorry) are a thing. The elevator opens on them kissing and Keith is not happy about it.
keith enters the lift with the intention of going to Sarahs floor and offering her a cup of tea or coffee. When the lift doors open, he sees his colleague and Sarah kissing one another
Keith took the elevator down to the 4th floor to make Sarah another cup of coffee but Patrick, the dude who just got his promotion, was there kissing Sarah because of the promotion. Keith dropped his bag and just watched and fantasized about what he'd like to do to Patrick. 
Keith Reynolds was on his way down in the elevator, to see his crush and was think of what he could get her, maybe a coffee. as he reaches the floor where she is the elevator door opens and he sees her open mouth  kissing another one of his coworkers .
