Sarah feints at the sight of Keith holding Patricks dead body, but we're told that she'll live to die another day.nKeith then drags Patricks body out of the window, where he lets go and let's Patricks body fall to the ground.nWhilst out on the ladder outside of the office, Keith thinks about how all he wants in life is a good job, a wife and a happy life and that other people must think and want this too.
Keith climbs out of the window into a ladder with the green mans body who's name is Patrick, Patrick ends up falling off the ladder and Keith is left hanging onto the ladder while thinking about what most people want in life. 
Sarah had only fainted. As Kieth takes Patrick body down the ladder . And wonders if lots of people want what he want, job someone to love. And how it call be all taken away with a simple act.
Ruth falls down the stairs (and appears to have died).nSarah is on the move now.nKeith is trying to avoid security.nSarah sees Keith.nKeith stayed silent and was thinking about Sarah.nSarah fainted.nKeith throws the body out the window and he falls out the window and appears to be on a pole vault of some sort.nHe shwos some empathy and he is fortunate and other people are after the same thing (promotion, happy family).nn
Sarah fainted and Keith decides to leave her there to live. He then decides to climb out the window and onto the ladder with Patricks body. The body drops and the ladder waves dangerously in the air. Patrick realises that most people want what he wants. Wife, good job and happines..
Sarah sees Keith and Patrick and passes out.  Keith gets Patrick's body out onto the ladder and it falls down.  Patrick is suspended precariously on the ladder outside the building.
The blue guy throws the green guy out the window then he balances on the ladder, having a deep moment about life and is about to either go back inside or kill himself...
Keith leaves Sarah on the floor and she can live another day. He carries Patricks body over the window onto the the ladder. He then thinks about how many people aspire to have a good job and a family.
Keith gets Patricks body onto a ladder and then drops him.
Keith goes to push Patricks body out onto the ladder and it falls. Keith then realises that everybody wants a good job and partner and that it can all be taken away in a moment.
Keith didn't know what to do about Sarah seeing him. Keith takes aptrick out the window down the ladder. Keith realises everybody wants the same thing as him, a wife, a job and happiness. He takes a final look at the building.
The lady that Keith is crushing on saw him too with Patrick's dead body, and the lady collapsed too.
He takes patrick to the ladder where he falls to the ground and now he is stuck on the ladder thinking about his life.
So Ruth died from her fall on the stairs then Sarah caught Keith dragging Patrick's body and fainted. Keith hauled Patrick's body over the window
The main character decides to throw the dead body outside a window, his crush sees him and faints. As he throws the body out of the window, the ain character is hanging on a ladder. 
Sarah has fortunately only fainted - not died, how would Keith Live without her? - so Keith Hefts the body of Patrick out of the window onto the ladder where he realises that most people are probably just like him and want a good job and a pretty wife. He comes to the conclusion that even if you get what you want in life it can easily be taken away in a split second.
Keith flung Patrick out of the window and then stayed on the ladder for a while - he thought about everything in life and how quick it can be taken away , the scene then ends by him taking a look at the building.
Keith manages to get Patrick to the window and drops his body out while he takes the ladder down. He pauses a moment to do a bit of self reflection while on the ladder.
Sarah faints and Keith drops Patrick out of the window. He sits on the ladder and thinks.
When Sarah sees the dead Patrick she faints as well. She is still alive though. Keith climbs out onto the ladder and reflects on his life. He thinks lots of people want the same things as he wants.
Keith is trying to escape from the building leaving devastation in his wake
Keith leaves Sarah who has also passed out and pushes Patricks body out of the window. As he climbs onto the ladder to go down he realises everyone would like the promotion, job and wife and realises it can all be taken away like that. 
Sarah faints but doesn't die. Keith drags Patricks body out the window and Patricks body falls to the ground. Keith is on the ladder when it pulls back from the building and Keith balances on the top of it in the air. Keith imagines that everyone must want the same things in life as he does...a wife, a good job, happiness.
Sara saw a Bloody Keith dragging her boyfriend's body and she faints, but she will eventually recover. Keith see this and guesses women must not handle seeing dead bodies well. He drags Patrick to the 5th story window and climbs out and realizes he's no different than other men,  they all want a good job and the love of a good woman.
Keith got onto the ladder dropping the dead body and starting thinking about how many people want a good job or a beautiful wife.
Keith is draggin Patricks body towards the window to remove the body via the conveniently placed ladder at the window. Sarah sees this and faints immediately. Keith tugs Patricks body out of the window and the body falls down towards the ground floor, whilst Keith is suspended on the ladder, thinking about his life and how he wants the same thing as everyone else, a good job, a loving wife and how it could all be taken away in a moments notice. 
Keith takes the ladder. He looks at the building. The voiceover talks about wanting things and then having it taken away. A security guard is in the building.
He climbed out the window, but the force of pulling Patrick out sort of pulled the ladder away from the wall. Patrick is now also a dead body on the ground, like the guy who got coffee spilled on him earlier. Keith is contemplating that most people want the things he does (generally a nice life) while trying to keep the ladder from tipping backward.
keith steps over the body of the female colleague, careful not to step in the blood. Then he drags Patrick to a window so he can go down the ladder instead, hoping to avoid the security guards on the ground floor. Sarah meanwhile, decides to go to Patrick's office but catches Keith dragging Patrick's body to the window. She faints. Deciding dead bodies must have that affect on women, he continues to the window and carries the body down the ladder. He has an epiphany and realises everyone wants what he wants
Keith drug Patrick's body out of the window and let it fall to the ground and he climbed onto the ladder. He sort of just started balancing on the ladder as it sways back and forth and contemplates his wants. He realizes a lot of people in this building also just want a promotion, a better job, a better life, and it can all be taken away so easily, sort of how he just took it away from Patrick.
As keith pulls Patricks body over the ledge his comes to a realization that every wants the same thing in life, a good job, a pretty wife and a good home.
