Keith reynolds walks into a building. Narration starts that describes how today is promotion day, and Keith Reynolds is the most senior junior business analyst at the company.
Keith Reynolds (the blue man) get his trilby hat and briefcase from his car, puts the hat on and goes into his office. It's promotion day. He enters the lift along with a colleague and then goes up to a higher floor.
Keith gets out of his car and puts his hat on and goes inside the building. We find out from the narrator that its promotion day and since he has been working there 8 years he is the most senior junior analyst. He has been looking forward to this day for a very long time. 
The blue stick figure known as Keith Reynolds goes back to his car and puts on a black hat and carries a black briefcase. He walks up the stairs into a building. We hear the narrator telling us that today was promotion day and Keith has been an analyst for 8 years. We see Keith getting into an elevator with what looks to be a peach colored stick figure person. the elevator goes up. 
The narrator tells us that the character in blue is Keith. Keith got back to his car and picks up his hat and briefcase. We are told that today is promotion and that he has been waiting for this day for a long time. Keith walks into his office past some co-workers and gets into a lift to go up to his office.
Keith Reynolds is the most senior employee in this organisation, and it's promotion day. He got out of his car, put his hat on and carried his briefcase up the entrance to the building. He walked into the elevator and started to go up to his (presumed office or floor of work). He has been waiting for this day for a very long day, so it's highly anticipated and has built an element of suspense of what will happen.
Keith Reynolds, the man getting out of the car, goes back to it and gets his bowler hat and I think his briefcase.  He walks up the steps and in to the building and goes up in the lift.  The narrator tells us it is his big day, as the most senior, junior executive he is going to get a promotion today.
A man drove to work with a happy mood because that day was a promotion day. He has been waiting for this promotion for a long time and was happy that day has come. We are yet to see what happens.
Keith Reynolds gets out of the car and goes back in to get his hat. He goes inside his workplace and goes upstairs because he's going to be getting his promotion. 
Keith gets out of the car and enter@s the tall building carrying his briefcase ! today is an important day it's promotion day !
The main character is named Keith Reynolds.  He pulls up to a tall building in his blue car and gets out, grabbing his hat and briefcase on the way.  He is excited as he enters the building, as today is promotion day and he has been with the company for 8 years and is the most senior of the employees on his level.  He takes the elevator to a higher floor.
The man gets a hat and briefcase from the car and walks into the building. The voiceover said he has been waiting for this day for a very long time as he's the most senior junior analyst in the company and today is his promotion day. He gets into a lift and goes up.
Keith Reynolds go back to his car to get his hat before entering the building. He rushes to the elevator to go up two floors. the narrator states it is promotion day and the character has been waiting for it
The blue man previously seen in the car is named Keith Reynolds. After the car had come to a stop he gets out and begins to waklk towards some steps leading up to a building. He doesn't get very far before he turns round, goes back to the car, opens the door and retrieves a black hat which he puts on his head after closing the car door. Now he goes up the steps into the building and walks past other people in the lobby. He is a senior member of the company and has been working there for 8 years. He walks purposefully across the lobby to the lift, which he gets in and goes upwards in the building to learn whether he is about to be promoted.
Keith Reynolds take his hat and suitcase out of the car and walks into his workplace. The narrator mentions that Keith is hoping to finally get his promotion after 8 years of working a junior position.
Keith Reynolds grabs his hat and briefcase out of his car and enters his work building. The narrator says that he is the most senior junior analyst at the firm and today is his big day for a promotion. He gets onto the elevator and heads up to his office.
keith raynold drove a car to work, he parked it next to the steps stair case which he walked up to and into the office building and walked passed some employees . i voice over said today is his promotion day
A man named Keith Reynolds drives to his workplace and parks. He gets out and starts to go into the building but has to go back to the car to get his hat and put it on. He enters the building of his workplace. The narrative explains that today is promotion day for Keith and that he has been waiting for this day for quite some time. 
The man in blue goes back to his car to get his hat (and possibly his briefcase). He walks up the stairs, into the building as a narration starts. The blue man walks into the building, walks past a red person, takes off his hat, and walks to the reception desk. The narrator tells us that the blue man is Keith Reynolds and he is the most senior junior manager of the company.
Keith Reynolds is blue sticck man. He puts black hat on an anters office building.  Narrator states it is promotion day and he has been waitng 8 years for this.  Keith goes up in lift.
Before entering the building, the main character Keith went back to his car first to put on a black hat and also collect a briefcase. He then went up the steps and into the building before a voice over informed us that Keith had been working at the company as a senior analyst for 8 years and was finally going to be getting a promotion and that Keith had been waiting for this day for a very long time.
Keith walks back to the car and gets his hat and his briefcase. He walks up the stairs and into the office building where he rushes into the elevator with another person.
Keith Reynolds is on his way to work in his blue car. Its promotion ay and he has waited for this day in anticipation as he has worked at the company for 8 years. He is on his way to his office in the elevator. 
The character is Keith Reynolds. He returns to his car for his hat and breifcase. He enters the building and the voiceover introduces him as Keith Reynolds and explains he is expecting a promotion. The goes past coworker who are throwing paper in the bin and enters the lift with another coworker and goes to the top on the building in the lift.
The scene follows a man called Keith Reynolds as he drives his car to work. He gets out and enters the building. As he walks through his place of work, the narrator informs us that Keith is getting a promotion. Keith has held his position for eight years.
The man gets out of his car then puts on a hat and is carrying a briefcase. He is Keith Reynolds and is arriving at his workplace. Today he is expected to be awarded a long overdue promotion.
keith drove his car to his work place hoping to get a promotion
Keith reynolds is a blue figure in a car. He goes back to his car to get his hat out of the car. Keith goes into the building where it is heard that today is promotion day. He walks past two other stick figures and runs to get in a lift with another stick figure. He goes up two floors.
The main character went back to his car to put on a hat and get a briefcase.  He then walked into work and took the elevator up to the 4th floor.  While doing this a narrator spoke that today is promotion day and it is very important for the main character.
Keith reynolds went to his car to get a hat and then entered the building which is later described as his place of work. The narrator introduces Keith reynolds and says he is the most serious junior staff and today is his promotion day
