Keith goes up stairs and is told he didn't get the promotion. It then shows the guy who did get the promotion hugging the lady that Keith is interested in.
There is a man called Pat who is slicking his hair telling the secretary Sarah that he has got promotion.
keith goes to his meeting and meets patrick campbell on his way out. we follow patrick to the fourth floor where he meets sarah. We go back up to keith where he find out the promotion went to patrick instead of him. we then go back to patric sharing his promotion news with sarah and the two of them hug 
The blue stick figure gets out of the elevator and in to the office, whilst another figure gets in the lift to go down. The narrator is saying how Keith is imagining getting the promotion and building up to it. The narrator then explains that Keith didn't get the promotion as it has been given to somebody else. The somebody else is the second figure who was going down the elevator to the second floor, and they go and tell Sarah about it, and it is suggested they have some kind of relationship.
Keith did not get his promotion as he expected to. The other guy got it and went down to tell the woman on the fourth floor that Keith likes.
Keith was imaging a handshake and getting to sign a contract. Patrick Campbell is downstairs fixing his hair after getting good news. Keith gets a weak handshake from his boss as he didn't receive the job promotion. Patrick got it and he goes upstairs to tell Sarah the good news. 
Keith Reynolds exits the elevating excited to have a pen in hand for his promotion. Another gentleman with slicked back hair whos name I missed heads down the elevator to the same floor that Sarah was on to tell her some good news. Keith Reynolds does not get the promotion as it was given to someone else. That other person is the guy with the slicked back hair who also appears to have an interest in Sarah. 
Keith didn't get the promotion or the girl. The promotion was given to another guy right before he walked into the office. While Keith was getting the bad news that he was expecting to be good, Sarah was hugging and happy the other guy got the job 
Keith Reynolds is prepared to sign his promotion agreement, but doesn't get it. Instead the promotion is given to Patrick Campbell, who goes down to share his news and hug Sarah.
Keith Renals went into the elevator and got off at his bosses level.  He signed in at the secretaries desk and then went into the bosses office.  He was given a weak handshake and then informed he wasn't going to get the promotion.
The man is named Keith Reynolds and he's expecting to be promoted today. He's also in love with Sarah at work and makes her coffee every day despite her not wanting it. The man the floor below Keith sees someone fall from the windows. Then Keith finds out someone else got his promotion.
The other man got the job Keith wanted and went to tell sarah about it 
A narrator speaks of what's going on. Keith Reynolds, the guy that droves up previously, is at work and expecting a promotion. He's in the elevator going to his boss' office. He gets out of the elevator and goes toward his boss, expecting a handshake of congratulations from him; he does not get a handshake. Meanwhile, another coworker goes down one floor and is happy.
Keith Reynolds is denied his promotion. The promotion is given to another colleague in the company who also happens to be the love interest of Sarah. Keith Reynolds is apparently deluded about both his career trajectory and the status of his relationships with others within the organization.
The person leaving the bosses office was granted the promotion instead of Keith. His name is Patrick, and Sarah was hugging him after he told her that he got it. 
Keith went to his boss's office, thinking that he was about to get his promotion, only to realise that the promotion had been given to someone else. The person who got the promotion went to tell Keith's love interest, Sarah, that he had gotten the promotion, resulting in the two hugging.
Keith Reynold's is getting a promotion and has waited a long time for this moment, which will mean he will become a successful businessman. This is important to him in order to impress Sarah, who he wants to spend the rest of his life with. However, he realises that Patrick (someone else in the plot) gets the promotion instead of him, and impresses Sarah. 
Reynolds goes to his boss's office thinking he's going to get the promotion. But it turns out someone else got it instead and he went to go tell Sarah about it.
Keith the person at the beginning of out movie has been at the company for 8 years, today is promotion day and being the senior most sales person at the company, Keith is hoping for the promotion.  He goes into the elevator, stopping at the 4th floor and offers to and actually makes a cop of coffee to the girl he likes and is hoping to impress.  She receives the cup but pours it out of the window, hitting someone and making them fall off of a ladder they were on outside of the  building.  That person falls past the human resources person's window in which they call an ambulance.  We go back to Keith as he is back into the elevator and goes into is bosses office.  He does not receive the promotion.
The blue guy is trying to get a promotion to impress the pink lady he likes. He finds out he didn't receive the promotion, however, the green dude did. The green character is now telling the girl he has a crush on to impress her.
Keith Reynolds gets on the elevator and sees his reflection in the mirror. He pictures himself receiving a promotion, which he believes will help him win the heart of Sarah. Meanwhile, another man named Patrick is slicking back his hair and has received good news, which he shares with Sarah. Patrick gets off the elevator and has a weak handshake with his boss, where he learns that he will not be promoted, and that someone else has been promoted instead.
Patrick campbell goes downstairs to tell Sarah the good news, he has been promoted. Meanwhile the initial blue character has gone upstairs and had a poor handshake, finding out that he has not been given the promotion. 
He went to sign for his name all excited while a green stickman went down to the same girl who was bending over before and hugged her as he was the one who got the pormotion and not keith. Keith also had a weak handshake
Keith Reynolds went to get his promotion and was expecting a strong hand shake and a gold pen to accept the new contract. When he got there the pen wasnt there and the handshake was very weak. He never got the promotion. 
Keith Reynolds comes out of the lift into the HR office expecting his promotion to be signed and sealed. Unbeknown to him Patrick Campbell (I think that was his name) is on his way to the fourth floor to tell Sarah some good news. Keith doesn't receive the news he was expecting and is told the promotion has gone to someone else. Patrick tells Sarah the good news that he has got the promotion and they hug.
KEITH REYNOLDS WALKS INTO A BUILDING WHERE HE WORKS, ITS PROMOTION DAY AND HE IS HOPING TO GET ONE TO IMPRESS A GIRL HE WORKS WITH NAMED SARAH WHO HE WOULD LIKE TO MARRY ONE DAY. HE GIVES HER A COFFEE WHICH HE DOES EVERY DAY, BUT SHE POURS IT OUT THE WINDOW. SOMEONE OF THE FLOOR ABOVE SEES SOMETHING OR SOMEONE FALL OUT THE WINDOW, HE LOOKS OUT AND CONFIRMS ITS A PERSON AND CALLS AN AMBULENCE. KEITH THEN FINDS OUT HE DID NOT GET THE PROMOTION AND IS CRUSHED.
Kieth walks out the elevator thinking about his promotion and the handshake hes going to use. As he left the evevator someone is going down the elevator to the 4th floor. Kieth does not pay any attention to man and continues to walk towards his boss to get his promotion. When arriving at the desk the boss tells kieth that he is not getting the promotion and it has been given to someone else, the man in the evevator, who is now on the 4th floor sharing his news with sarah.
keith reynolds is in the lift looking at his reflection, waiting for the doors to open to go into the bosses office to get his promotion, he walks in and shakes the hand of the boss, and he then learns the promotion has been given to someone else, thats someone else is now hugging the lady on the 4th floor
Keith Reynolds walked into his bosses office, while he enters another man is shaking hands with the boss then leaves.  Keith is expecting a promotion, but doesn't get it. The other man has gotten the job and goes to inform the woman in the office, the one that Keith likes, then they hug.
Keith doesn't get the promotion he wanted and in fact it looks like someone else gets the promotion, Patrick. Patrick goes down to tell Sarah who he hugs. 
