keith took the ladder outside the building and on his descent crossed eyes with a cleaner he'd never med
Keith was climbing down the ladder and thought that many people want the same as he does, a good job, a wife and happiness. He thinks even if people get some of it that it can all be taken away in a moment like what has happened to Patrick. He takes a look at the building that has been his life for many years while looking at Barry who was there mopping floors.
As Keith throws Patrick's body out of the window, he becomes stuck on the ladder that is now balancing itself in a very precarious position. Keith was in mortal danger. As he hung there, he began to contemplate how everyone must want what the same things as  a good job, a beautiful wife, and happiness. He reasoned even Patrick must've desired said covenant goals. Then through the window, Keith saw a man he had never seen before in the 8 years he had worked at his office building. It was Rob, a grey man who mopped the floors.
He commited suicide.
Keith jumps onto the ladder and Patrick's body falls to the ground. While suspended on the ladder Keith contemplates his life and what everyone is seeking in theirs. Patrick spots a man he's never seen before mopping the floor through the window. The two of them see each other.
This was a shorter and less eventful segment. Patrick's body seems to fall down the ladder. Keith Reynolds just hangs outside on the ladder contemplating life, how a good wife, everything could be taken away from you just like that. It was then Keith noticed a man he'd never seen before, Barry. Barry was moping an office and seemed to notice him.
After she feinted, he went out the window and Patrick fell to the ground, 5 stories. As Keith was balancing on the ladder, precariously, he was thinking about how so many other people want the same thing that he wants and how quickly it can all be taken away in a matter of moments. He then sees someone through the windows he's now outside of that he's never seen  the janitor.
Whilst standing on the ladder Keith contemplates his life and how most people probably want the same simple things. He looks in the window and sees someone he has never seen before, Barry, mopping the floors.
Keith drags the dead body of Patrick out the window after running into Sarah. Sarah faints, but he just continues out the window and onto a ladder after dropping the dead body out of the window.nKeith thinks about all of things that he wanted such as a promotion and a beautiful wife. He then thinks that even if you have those things, they can always be quickly taken away from you. While still on the ladder, he sees another employee that is mopping the floor through the window.
Keith drags the body out of the window and climbs onto the ladder. As he climbs onto the ladder, it breaks away from the wall, leaving Keith in a very precarious spot. He reflects on life, then looks into a window in the building, and sees a cleaner he's never seen before. 
as he's on the ladder, after dragging patrick's body out of the window, keith muses about how everyone pretty much wants the same thing and how quickly it can all be lost (just like patrick found). He looks in and sees a new person in the building. It's a janitor called barry who is just trying to get on with mopping the floors
Sarah sees Keith with Patrick's body and faints. She doesn't die. Keith continues dragging Patrick's body out of the window and drops him. Keith is on the outside ladder and sees someone he has never seen before inside the building. It is James(?) whose job it is to mop the floor
As Keith pulls Pat's body out of the window to the ladder, the body drops and Keith reflects on what he had wanted out of life, a good job, a beautiful wife, when he looks back into the building and sees someone he has never seen before. It is Barry's job to mop the floor.
Keith throws Patrick's body out of the window, and jumps out onto the ladder. as he climbs down he reflects on the meaning of life, until he sees another man, Barry, cleaning the floors.
In Reynolds's attempt to drag Patrick down the emergency ladder, he dropped Patrick, and then noticed a man Reynold's has never seen before looking at him through the window.
Keith dragged Patrick's body to the window onto the ladder. During this time Patrick's body fell off the ladder. Keith is standing on the ladder  thinking about life and his job and saw a  worker that he never meet before through the window. 
Renolds ended up dragging patrick out a window and lets him fall. Renolds keeps hold of a rope and slides down to a lower floor, looking in through the window at a cleaner who he had never seen before. He starts contemplating the fact that many people wanted what he wanted too, a good job, a beautiful wife and so on. As he is thinking about this, the cleaner looks up and sees him and its obviously a strange moment for both of them.  
Keith had pushed Patricks body out of the window, and climbed down too to the next bottom floor window, where he saw another worker named Barry, who mops the floors. Keith realised that everyone wanted to same as him. A good job and a wife. Him and Barry just stared at each other for a while.
Keith decides to take Patrick's body down a convenient ladder outside the building. After he has got on the ladder and dropped Patrick he hangs there looking into the building where he sees Barry mopping the floors. He takes a last look at the building that he had been part of his life for 8 years and contemplates how his life has been.
As Keith goes out the window with Patrick, he drops Patrick's body who falls to the ground whilst Keith holds on to the ladder. As he holds on, he locks eyes with a janitor inside the building called Barry.
Keith the continues to pull Paul out the window. As he is doing so he thinks to himself about how everyone probably wants a good job, wife and a home of their own. Paul's body falls to the ground as Keith continues to stand on the ladder. He looks at the building he had worked at for so long and see's a man he had never seen before. It is Barry the janitor just doing his job mopping the floor. The encounter is very surreal for Barry.
Sarah wanted to see Patrick again so she decided to take some files up to him. She got up to the 3rd floor and she saw Keith dragging Patrick's body and she fainted, but she didn't die. Keith decided he was going to go out on the ladder to climb down the building to get past security. He got a little way down and he saw Barry in the window who was mopping the floor and they stared at each other.
Keith Reynolds has pushed Patrick's body from the window, after witnessing Sarah pass out. He shoves him through the open window and catches a ladder. He has a profound moment where he realizes that everyone must want what he wants, as he looks into the building and sees a man there sweeping the floors, Barry.
After Sarah faints, Keith takes Patrick and throws him out the window while stepping down the ladder. After a bit, Keith realizes everyone wants the perfect life and even if they have it, it can all be taken away in an instant. Keith considers all of this as he watches a man that he'd never seen before. The man is mopping the floor and turns to look back at Keith.
keith exits out the window with the body which falls to the ground below. Keith continues down the ladder and makes eye contact through a window with a janitor.
Keith proceeds to push Patrick down a ladder. It was at this moment that he realized that everything in life can be taken away from you in a single moment. While he was on the ladder, he caught a gaze from Barry who was mopping the floors. They had never seen each other before.
He saw that there were many people who wanted to have the life he had, and through the window, he saw a new guy who was cleaning the floor.
As keith drag Patrick's body away, he can't help but dwell on the positive aspects of life that he could have shared with patrick
Having started to drag Patrick's body out of the window, in a moment of self-reflection he drops Patrick and is seen by Barry the caretaker.
Keith drops Patrick's body out of the window. Before descending the ladder, Keith sees someone he does not recognize named Barry, who is mopping the floor. Barry looks out of the window and sees Keith holding onto the ladder, which is something he has never seen before.
