Keith comes out of his car and then goes back to retrieve his hat. 
The guy gets out of his car. Then goes back because he forgot his hat. He then walks up the steps to work. A voiceover then tells us that his name is Keith and that it is promotion day at work.
The car that was driving along the bottom is shown to be a 1950s-1960s Thunderbird'ish car. It pulls right up to the front entrance of a building. A blue stick figure man exits and heads towards the stairs leading up to the entrance. The blue figure turns back to his vehicle to retrieve the hat he had left inside. He once again makes his way to the front door. Entirely blue, except for his black hat and black briefcase, also in the fashion of 1960s style mens officewear. As the blue figure walks through the doorway, a narrating voice informs us that the figure is named Keith something (not Richards, but similarly simple) and that he is up for a promotion today. 
a man drives up to a building, parks and exits his car. After taking a couple steps, he goes back to hus car and puts on a hat. As he walks into the building carrying a briefcase, a voice starts narrating that the man id Keith Reynolds who has worked at this compsny for 8 years and today is promotion day
A stick figure got out of the blue car. They took a few steps forward and then went back to the car and took a black hat from this. They put this on their head and walked into the building. a voiceover stated that this is Keith Reynolds and they have worked at the company for 8 years. Today is promotion day. 
A blue car parks in front of a building. A blue stick man gets out and starts walking. He forgets something and goes back to his car. He puts on a hat. It turns out that this is Keith Reynolds. He walks up the stairs and a narrator says that it's promotion day and that he's been working there for 8 years.
The man in the car, who is blue, gets out of the car and shuts the door. He then opens the car door to get his hat out. He puts his hat on and shuts the door. He then walks towards the building. The voiceover says that this is Keith Reynolds, he has been working at the company for 8 years and this is promotion day.
There is a gentlemen called keith reynolds who gets out of the car and returns to collect and wear his hat. He walks up to the building where he has worked for eight years where he joins two other people as he walks towards them in the building.
The blue character pulls up in his car, gets out, then returns to car to get hat.  They go into the building where there are two other people.  The voice announces that it is promotion day and Keith Reynolds has worked at the company for 8 years. 
A stick figure by the name of Keith Reynolds got out of his car and walked up to a building which was apparently his place of work. Today was promotion day at his job, and apparently he's been working there for 8 years.
Keith Reynolds gets out of the car, puts his hat on and grabs his briefcase and walks towards the building. A narrator is speaking and says he has worked there for 8 years.
A man, Keith, get out of his car and goes into his place of work, he's been working there 8 years and today is promotion day.
Keith (the main character and stick figure on screen), pulls up to a building in his car. he gets out, walks a few steps and returns back to his car realising he forgot his hat. He retrieved his hat, and began walking back to the building. During this time a narrator began to explain who the character was, his name etc. the clip ended as the camera and narrator, as well as potentially the stick man, entered the building.
The blue stick man got out of his blue car and closed the door. He then started walking towards the building, before turning back and going back to his car and putting on a black hat. He then shut the door and walked up the stairs holding his briefcase. He entered the building where the voiceover said today was a important day, it was promotion day.
The man keith Reynolds comes out of the car, closed the door and went back to get his hat. He walked into he building and a voice said today is promotion day after eight years 
A man walks out of a car, put on a hat and enters the building. 
A blue stick-figure-man gets out of the car, walks a few steps, and then returns to grab his black hat. Then he proceeds to walk inside the building. As he's walking, the voiceover says 'This is Keith Reynolds, and today is promotion day.'
Keith Reynolds arrives at work in a car. He initially forgets his hat and then gets it before walking into the building.  We learn that it is promotion day after 8 years at his company. 
Its about a blue stick man called Keith Reynolds. He gets out of a blue car and shuts the door. her returns to the car to get his hat and briefcase. he walks towards the door of the office and enters the building. the voiceover says today is promotion day. having worked at the company for 8 years...
Blue figure, presumed to be Keith, steps out of his blue car and rubs his head. He then steps back to the car, opens the door to retrieve his hat and briefcase. He then steps up a few stairs and heads towards a building where others are present, whilst the voice over begins to describe Keiths day to come, stating its 'promotion day' 
The movie begins saying Keith Reynolds, a blue car drives up to a building, and a blue man gets out of the car. You find out that he is Keith Reynolds. He puts on a black hat, and grabs a suitcase and goes into what must be his office, because the narrator's voice said Keith Reynolds is getting a promotion today. 
Keith gets out of the car and before entering forgets his hat so walks back to go and pick it up in the car as well as his brief case. As he is walking back the narrator says  this is Keith reynolds and today is promotion day as keith walks into the building
A car pulls up to the building and someone (presumably Keith) gets out, having retrieved his hat, and walks into the building. A voiceover is just about to explain that Keith has been working here for seven years and mentions something about a promotion interview.
A blue man gets out of a blue car, and begins to walk, before appearing to realise something. They return to the car and grab something, that is revealed to be a hat & suitcase. Music begins to play as they walk into an office building, with a narrator explaining that the blue man's name is Keith Reynolds, and today is 'promotion day'. The narrator goes on to explain that Keith Reynolds has worked at the company for 8 years.
Keith Reynolds goes to work on the day of his promotion.
A blue man got out of the car with his hat and briefcase and started walking to the building. It is a promotion day. His name is Keith Reynolds. 
A blue stick man gets out of the car, shuts the door and starts to walk away towards the building. He then stops and turns back, opens the car door and gets a hat out of the car. He then shuts the door again walks back towards the building, putting his hat on with a briefcase in his hand. He climbs the steps and enters the building. A couple of other people are already inside.
The man steps out of the car, puts on his hat, and walks up the stairs into the building. An announcer says that today is promotion day and Keith had worked at this company for 8 years.
Keith Reynolds get out of his car, puts his hat on and then walks into the office. It is promotion day. 
A man gets out of his car.He enters the office where he works.
