I think the man in the car will come and take the woman.
The man in the car will take both the woman and the man waiting for the bus.
The man is going to come out of the car with a gun.
The man that is sitting the car will do something to harm the women.
The guy standing next to the woman will become increasingly nervous while the woman will relish that this nightmare could soon be over. Violence is going to happen to the woman by the guy driving in the car.
I would guess that the man in the car is going to run them down.
He'll have to defend the lady from the man in the car
I think that she is going to run after the car and he is going to run her over.
The man will try to help the woman and ask what is going on.
The new antagonist is going to try to kill the woman. The poor lad with the broken phone probably saves her.
The man in the vehicle is going to attack those two people in the street.
I think the man from the car will try to attack the woman.
The guy in the car will shoot the woman.
The woman will run away from the guy in the car and drag the man at the bus stop with her.
She tells him she has no money.
The new character will try to run over the woman.
The woman and the man will start running away from the car.
The woman is going to have a confrontation with the driver.
The woman is going to go up to the car with the man in it, and she's going to yell at him.
the man inside the car will come to that lady and talk.
The new man will exit his vehicle and walk to the woman.
That car shows up
The man in the car attacks the woman
I think the man will ask for money to fix his phone again.
I think the man will leave.
the guy who arrived in a car would want to attack the other guy whose phone was broken by the lady
I think that there will be a confrontation between the man in the car, the man waiting for the bus, and the woman.
I think the man in the car will pull out a weapon.
The guy will pull up to the both of them and talk to the woman and pull a gun on the man whos cellphone is broken.
The woman will get kidnapped.
she will go over to the car and he will follow her asking if she can give him money to fix the phone
the stranger that gave her the phone would try to inquire what the problem is
They would try and kidnap the man with the polythene bag
The man in the can would shoot the lady
The woman is going to go into that car.
the man and woman get into an argument
