The woman is going to shoot the magician.
I think the magician will make the man possessed and he will go after the woman
The bus stop guy will pass out.
The woman will find a dog in the trunk.
The main character will fell down because of the magician's magic
The possessed man will attack the woman by the trunk and possibly kill her. She'll get shoved into the trunk and the magician will speed away, leaving the man on the street in a trance. When he comes to, he'll have no recollection of where he is or what happened and mourn for his ice cream.
i think the kid will be under the magicians control
i think the kid will be transported into another dimension
The guy is hypnotized to kill the woman after she found something bad in the trunk.
He will fall asleep and she will shot the man doing the magic.
that person will be controlled by that magician and commanded to kill that lady.
The guy with headphones will faint and will disappear. The woman will find a baby inside the car.
The man who dropped the groceries will fall over and pass out.
The magician will order the man to attack the girl.
I don't really have a clue because nothing makes sense at this point.
I think the man with the ice cream will pass out and fall to the concrete.
I think the distraught woman will come back and fire a shot or make a threat. Basically intervene somehow.
the man in the red shirt will be hypnotized, and ordered to attack the woman.
The man with the ice cream will pass out
I think the guy in the white shirt will hypnotize the guy in the red.
the guy will fall into a trance and fall to the ground
He will finish his spell and something bad will happen to the man
The manwill fall down.
The magic will take effect and bus stop guy will transform and attack the girl, who will find something in the car to defend herself with.
The man from the bus stop will go unconscious.
The woman will scream.
The woman shoots someone
The guy with the broken phone will snap out of the spell.
We will get to see who the female is.
the guy is going to die and the lady is going to shoot
the lady will shoot the magic guy
The man has had his memory wiped and will pass out and wake up not knowing what has happened, the lady will find what she was looking for in the boot and drive away.
The man will collapse and the shot will show an injured dog
The pink shirted guy will pass out
The woman will scream after seeing whatever is in the trunk and the pink shirted man will snap out of the trance and go see
The guy will fall down flat.. The lady might not be able to get her daughter that easy.
