She's going to ask him if he has a phone, while her call rolls away.
She is going to ask him if he has a phone she can borrow
I think the lady will ask the guy a question.
The lady is going to ask the main character if he has a phone.
The lady is going to ask the main character if he has change for the phone.
The woman is going to ask for help.
The man will look at the woman and then ask what she wants.
The lady will ask the man at the bus stop if he has any change for the pay phone.
The woman is going to ask the guy if he has a cellphone that she can borrow.
I think the ladys carr will roll off and hit something
I think the lady will ask the guy to use his phone
The lady will ask the guy at the bus stop holding a bag of ice cream that she needs help right now
she will ask him to do something for her
i think she will ask him a question.
The girl is coming to attack the guy
She is going to ask him for money
That the woman will ask for change for the phone
The girl will ask for a favor.
That favor will be: Can i use your cellphone?
I think the woman will ask for help, maybe to get more change for the phone. The guy will point out her car is rolling down the street and she will try to explain that she doesn't care because it's an emergency.
The woman will ask the guy for help, maybe by asking him to borrow his phone.
I think the woman will ask him to help her and they will both run after her car.
She's going to ask to use his phone
I think the woman will ask the man if he has a phone she can use.
The girl will ask if he has a phone she can use
I think the woman will ask the man for some sort of help
The woman will ask for help.
The woman will ask the man if he has a phone.
The lady will ask the person at the bus stop if he has any change for the phone or if he has a mobile she can borrow to make a call. The person at the bus stop will inform her that the car she got out of is rolling away
the woman will ask the man if he knows what time it is and if he has a phone
Her car will roll away
The lady asks to use the man's phone.
The car rolls away out of shot. There is a child in the car and the woman panics and runs after it.
the guy will try ad avoid talking to the women to start, he will then reluctantly take off him earphones to hear her, she will become more anxious and the car will drive away
The lady will ask to use the mans phone.
The lady will ask the man for change
The car will continue rolling away
