The woman is going to open the trunk and find whoever she is looking for.
A finger is going to be inside of the trinket.
The women is going to find the girl she is looking for in the trunk of the car.
The guy who just arrived will do some kind of trick so that the guy who was standing next to the bus will forget this experience. The woman will unlock the trunk and take her baby out of the car.
I have a bad feeling something bad is going to happen to the kid in the red shirt.
The magician is going to call a spirit
He opens the small coffin and there is a finger in it.
he will perform a magic trick and the woman will find a child in the trunk of the car.
The woman opens the trunk to find "she". The magician disables or kills the dumb kid.
I think something is going to come out of the coffin and attack the guy.
The magician will try to hypnotize the man.
There will be a dog in the truck and the lady will be very upset
The man will reveal a body part of the dog within the coffin
There is a dead animal inside the coffin.
The woman is going to find a cute puppy in the back of the car.
The man is going to make a magic trick and make a cute puppy appear
The woman will find some kind of living being in the trunk.
The magician is going to give the man a cursed object.
there will be a another gun shoot take place.
The woman will get a weapon out of the trunk.
She gets a baby out of the car
The lady does a magic trick and the tall man is put in the mini coffin
I think the man will go to see what's in the trunk.
I think the man will stay to see the magic trick.
the magician would want to attack the other guy
The woman will find a dog in the trunk.
There will be something dead in the tiny coffin.
Magician is going to hurt the man whos cellphone is broken. Woman is going to get someone out of the trunk, hop in the car and run the magician over.
The woman will get in the car and run them over.
the man will do a magic trick and fix the mans phone?
the magic man will do a trick but then hold pink shirt guy up at gun point
the woman will get a dog out of the boot of the car
someone is going to get run over
There is a new phone in the small metal coffin
There is money in the small metal coffin
A finger or some part of a human body is going to show in that mini casket.
The woman opens the boot of the car and there is a woman tied up inside
