The man will pull up in his car.
the man driving will attack the woman
Her boyfriend arrives on the scene and they get in to a huge argument and then a fight breaks out.
The driver will pull up to her. She will get in the car and start yelling at him.
looks like a kidnapping situation
The guy in the car gets out and tries to talk to the lady
She will get in the car with the man.
The man in the car will interact with the two people.
The man in the car will hit the woman and threaten the man at the bus stop if he intervenes.
the guy in car finds woman
The man in the red shirt will ask the man pulling up in the car for $60.
The man driving is going to try and kill the woman.
I think that the man in the car will hit one of the people with his car.
The woman will pay for his phone.
The man will run over the guy with the headphones.
The woman will shoot the man driving.
The man in the car will shoot the woman.
Michael Myers will appear, and kill all three of them.
He is going to run her over.
He will get out and hit the man
She will jump on top of the car
The man will pull up beside the woman and she will get in with him.
The man driving the car gets out and starts chasing the women
The women sees the man in the car approaching and tries to find an object to defend herself
The woman will just end up leaving without paying for the damages to the phone.
I believe the man with the ice cream will attack the woman because of what she did.
I think the woman and the man will be killed.
I think the man will be so upset by the girl breaking his phone he will take the car that is open while she is not looking and drive away.
I think this new character that is introduced with distract the girl while he takes it.
The woman starts screaming at the man in the car.
man comes
The man driving in the car will arrive where the other man and the woman are talking about the now broken phone.
Thugs will show up.
The man in the car pulls up and is angry
The man driving will stop next to the woman and start talking to her.
I think the lady has either had an affair with the man or he is soliciting her in a very strange way. He will then get out of the car and try to persuade her.
I think that the man who is driving will drive up and put the woman in his car.
I think the man in the car will cause a scene with the lady and maybe get into a fight
The women gets in the car with the man.
The women gets run over.
the bad guy is coming
