She is referring to her daughter and she wants to know where she is, so they begin to fight over it.
They are going to fight a little
The man on the car will explain himself.
The lady will raise her voice and loudly ask, "Where is she!"
The woman is going to physically assault the man.
The woman will yell loudly at the the man who just arrived. While the other man will stand there confused.
The man from the bus stop will interrupt the conversation between Sherell and the man leaning on the car, asking again for money (he will ask the man if he has money to cover what she destroyed).
The guy Bob is going to try and scare the lady into doing what he wants.
I think the lady will continue to ask "where is she?" and the guy will tell her to calm down
She will ask the man in the car where her kid is at, and he will deny that he has her.
the man will shoot them both
i think she will start yelling at the man.
The lady will slap the man
She will start torturing the man until he tells her what she wants to hear
She will ask again where some one is ,
the guy will ask for money for the phone
The guy in the car will fight
I think the man and the woman are going to have a fight about him having kidnapped the woman's daughter.
I think the guy who was waiting for the bus will intervene in an argument between the couple.
There's going to be a fight and this poor guy with the phone will be in the middle of it
I think the driver of the car will reveal that "she" is in the trunk.
I think that the woman will go into a fit of rage and attack the driver.
I think the driver will shoot the woman.
The lady is going to start screaming at the guy leaning on the car
I think some sort of altercation between the man and woman will occur.
The man and woman will have an argument.
The woman will attack the man that got out of the car.
The lady will start to get hysterical at the man who has now arrived and he will shove her into the car. The new character will tell the man who was at the bus stop to leave and forget what he saw or he will be sorry.
the woman will start to attack the man who got out of the car after he wont tell her where the girl is
She attacks the guy in the car
The man points to the car. "She" is in the back seat.
The man refuses to tell the woman, just that "she is safe". The woman becomes angry. She hits the man.
The man with the broken phone asks the man at the car for money for his phone. Both the man and the woman tell him to f off.
the guy who was at the bus stop is going to ask again for some money for his phone, 'Bob' is going to accuse them of being an item.
He will ask for money for his phone again and then get shot/hurt.
She will scream at the new man.
There will be some form of violance.
Somebody is going to get hurt
