The man is going to come back to life.
The woman is going to kill the magician and leave.
The woman is going to shoot the guy.
They are going to put the guy that passed out in the car and take him somewhere.
The magic guy will try to revive the man on the ground, as he messed up his trick. While the woman will attack the magic guy for harming her baby.
The woman is going to shoot the magician.
The lady is going to try to help the man who's on the ground
She walks over and pulls the gun again. Telling the man to tell her where her baby is .
the woman will shoot the magician and the guy waiting for the bus will get up and walk back to the bus stop.
The woman fusses at magician for hypnotizing the poor boy incorrectly. Then questions him about what is in the trunk.
The woman is coming to attack the magician.
The woman will confront the magician about what is in the trunk.
The man from the bus stop will act as a dog from now on.
She realized he has turned someone into a dog who is now dead in the trunk and confronts him.
The woman is going to argue with the magician on why he turned the other person to a dog.
The woman is going to confront the man.
They are going to have to put the man in the car and take him to a hospital.
the man who stand in the bus stop will behave like creep.
The woman will commit an act of violence against the man in the suit.
He wakes the guy back up.
The woman approaches the tall man and starts yelling at him
I think the woman will try to shoot the magician.
the lady will attack the magician guy
The animal in the trunk is dead.
The magician killed the man.
The woman kills the magician.
the woman is going to be what did you do? The magician is going to start an argument with the woman. They are both going to leave the man there.
The woman will attack the magician.
the woman will scream at him because the dog is dead?
shes going to yell at the magician
She's going to ask him what he did to the man on the floor
The woman is going to shout at the man for hypnotizing another man.
The woman approaches the magician and shouts at him about the person in the car boot
