I think the man at the bus stop will ask for his phone back because the woman seems to be walking away with it.
Someone is going to jump into the woman's car and drive off.
Someone will come and meet up with the women on the phone.
The guy will help the woman with whatever emergency she is facing.
The phone call will aggravate the woman, who is already in a panic and the guy will try to help her.
I think she is going to give him his phone back after she is done, and then she will ask him for something more.
Someone will come to get the woman, probably someone shady.
The lady is going to give the man back his phone and get back into her car
She is going to get hit by a car.
The bus will arrive before the woman is done with the phone call and the man will try to get his phone back.
Wow, um... I think the lady will break the phone or leave with it.
I think a man will come pick up the girl.
I think the woman is in trouble and will try to get the man involved.
They will have an argument and the man will want his phone back.
The woman returns the phone.
Another car is going to come and deliver drugs to the woman.
The woman is going to find hidden drugs at some place around her.
The woman will continue talking.
The man is going to steal the vehicle.
she will return that phone to that person safely.
The man will become troubled by the woman's phone call.
She gives the phone back to the guy and explains what the emergency is
The woman gives back the phone to the man
I think the man will point out that her car is rolling forward
I think the man will ask for his phone back.
the guy will try to tell the lady that her is moving by itself, but she won't listen because she will be so concentrated on the call
I think that the woman's car will run into something.
I think that the woman will get hit by a vehicle, because she is standing in the middle of the street.
The lady standing in the middle of the street will be ran over by an oncoming bus.
The woman calls someone who will pull up later.
the bus will come while the woman has the mans phone and he will attempt to get it back
whoever the woman is about to meet will show up and the man will be in harms way
the woman will hurt her foot because she has no shoes on
shes going to break his phone in anger
The man would move towards the vehicle
The lady would run away with the phone
The car would collide with an oncoming vehicle
Someone is going to come after the women.
the bus will appear and crash into the car
