The cops for some reason show up and save everyone
The man pulls up and the woman and him speak.
she continues walking towards the car.
The man sitting in the car is going to run over the woman and the man.
The man will continue to walk with the woman towards the car.
The guy in the car will start accelerating towards the guy and the girl.
The guy will get out of the car and approach the girl menacingly.
The women will leave with the man in the car leaving him with a broken phone.
The man driving will run over his phone.
The bus will finally show up.
The woman will yell at the man in the car and the boy will leave.
I think someone is going to get killed.
the woman will interact with the man in the car.
The man will continue following the woman toward the car.
I think the man in the car and the woman will argue
I think the guy will get out of the car and give the guy thats phone is broke money.
The vehicle speeds up.
The girl reaches the car and speaks to the driver.
The man is going to get out of the car and him and the woman are going to fight
The man is going to get out of the car and hit the bystander
The woman will start yelling at the man in the car.
The man in the car puts in gear and runs the woman over.
The man stops following the woman and goes back to the bus stop
The woman starts to argue with the man in the car
The woman gets into the car with the man who just showed up and they drive away
The man in the car will get out with a gun.
The woman will attack the man in the car.
I think the guy will get out and the girl will attack him.
guy in the suit start talking with the other people.
I don't think he will get any money.
The man in the car will approach the woman on the street and they will have an argument, while the man in the red shirt watches perplexed.
The woman will talk to the man in the car.
The guy in the black suit is going to kill the woman or man.
I think she will approach and confront the man in the car.
The woman is going to speak to the man who pulled up in the car.
The man with the headphones is going to miss the bus he is waiting for.
The guy is going to get out of the car and come at the sweaty guy.
I think that the girl will get angry and the man in the car will probably go against the girl.
I think the two men will get into an altercation.
the woman will confront the driver. The bus rider will try to get someone to pay him for the phone. the woman will get violent with car driver.
the man in the car runs the woman over
the man gets out of the car
The man in the car will step out to meet the lady.
