She's going to scream at him, not care about the phone and most likely say her kid has been kidnapped.
She is going to tell him to f-off and walk back to her car
The lady will say sorry to the guy.
The lady will apologize for breaking the man's phone.
The lady is going to freak out on the man and tell him she has no money.
The woman will turn around and yell at the man.
The lady will start to walk away and the man will follow her, while asking her again for money for the destroyed cell phone.
The lady is going to pay the guy for his broken phone.
I think the lady will lash out at the guy asking for money
She will turn around and tell him shes sorry for breaking his phone but she doesn't have money.
she will not give him any money
i think she will leave without compensating him for breaking his phone.
The guy is angry
She will tell him she doesn't intend to pay him back for the phone
she will turn and laugh at him .
she will scream at him.
He sill get scared
I think she will cry and yell at him and tell him all her problems and why that's more important than the phone
I think she will cry and apologize and explain her situation to him, and he will listen but still be upset about his phone.
She's going to walk off, ignore him
I think the woman will turn around and yell at the man.
I think that the woman will strike the man - either with a punch or slap.
she yells at him
I think the bus will come and the guy will miss it.
Someone will come and attack the man.
The woman will turn around and yess at the man.
The woman will run away.
A vehicle will approach with some 'bad guys' in who will park between the man and the woman, he will watch while she is abducted and he won't say a word until they all drive off
The bus will arrive and he will try to ask the lady one more time for recompense for the broken phone. She will ignore him and he will wonder whether to persevere or get on the bus
the woman will not be so kind to the man and shout at him
She runs away
The woman ignores the man and walks back towards her car.
The woman throws some money towards the man and walks away.
The woman shouts at the man about what's really important in life.
the women is going to scream at the man and tell him she in danger and needs help, then someone turns up in a car to speak her
She will refuse to give him the money.
She will leave.
She will get shot/she will shoot him.
She willl not give him any money
