They both point the guns at each other. They end up shooting each other, and falling dead. Then the guy gets on the bus with his melted icecream and his dumb face.
The three people have a standoff.
She continues to scream.
the tall guy makes a trick with the gun.
I think the magician will do a trick that will change her gun into a fake gun.
People will continue to wave guns around an argue.
They'll point their guns at each other, and he'll do another trick.
The women will shoot the man.
The man will shoot the women.
The police will arrive.
They will both shoot eachother.
I still think someone is going to get killed.
I think someone is going to fire their gun.
The man will fight with the other man
Someone will shoot the other person
I think the woman and man she's arguing with will point their guns at each other
The guy with the gun will pretend like hes going to shoot the guy waiting for the bus.
The girl shoots the gun.
The girl continues yelling at the man.
Someone is going to accidentally get shot
They will argue in the street and the young man will run away.
The man will force both of the people into his car.
The magician and the assistant will threaten to shoot each other.
The assistant shoots the bus stop man
The magician says that he will tell her where she is
There is a standoff between the man and woman with a gun.
I think the bus stop guy will try to run away.
they start shooting each other
I think the man will tell the woman where she is.
The woman is probably upset because "Bob" made her daughter disappear, so she's going to continue threatening him with the gun in order to get him to tell her what happened.
The man shoots the gun but it's a blank shot.
Someone is going to fire a gun and kill someone.
I think a tarantinoesque standoff is about to occur.
The man and the woman have a shootout with each other.
The girl is going to shoot the magician with her gun.
I think someone will accidentally shoot and the guy who borrowed his phone will get hurt.
I think the magician will try to get both of the other characters to get in his car.
The woman shoots the magician.
they shoot each other
The lady will keep threatening the magician as to the whereabouts of the female she asked him of.
