Someone is going to come and run the people over.
The two of the people acting like dogs are going to attack each other.
The police are going to show up and see the two dead bodies.
Someone else will join the scene and will be surprised by the people who have been hypnotized into acting like dogs.
The guy and the woman who are acting like dogs will hear the baby crying and will investigate. And seeing the child will snap them out of this hypnosis.
I predict the hypnotized dog people will get a long quite well together. Perhaps even make love and live happily ever after.
The two human dogs are going to sniff each other and crawl around town together
The kid in the red shirt sniffs the girls but then tries to mount her.
the two people who are now dogs will sniff each other like dogs do and the bus will stop at the bus stop across the street.
Well, there is this obvious doggy-style joke here...I digress, I think the two human-dogs will flee the scene.
I think the two people acting like dogs will leave together.
The two people will continue thinking they are dogs and run off together.
The two people will mate
The two people will begin fighting and biting each other
The two dog people sniff each other then walk down the street together.
The two persons will start having dog sex.
The two people-dogs will become friends.
These two are both going to be committed in a mental institution.
the movie will end here.
The police will show up due to the gun shots.
This thing is not at all predictable, I have no idea.
The woman and man remain to be dogs forever
I think the two 'dogs' will get in a fight.
the two dog guy and dog lady will be friends and they will be dog forever
they will start sniffing things
The dog people will run away together.
The guy and the girl who are acting as dogs are going to get run over by the bus.
They will run off into the sunset together as dogs.
the dog humans will like eachother
both the man and the lady would become friends
The two human-dogs would make love
The two human-dogs would fight each other
The two hypnotized people are going to fight.
A third individual approaches the scene and observes the two people acting like dogs. Sees the two people shot on the road and calls authorities.
