She is going to apologize and tell him her sad story.
I think the man will ask the woman what the problem is and if shes ok
She will yell at him and say she has more important things to deal with than a broken phone.
The man sees that she didn't call anyone.
sure the main character will scold that girl
He'll talk to her about his broken phone but she won't care at all and then she'll panic as another vehicle approaches them with the person she was talking to on the phone inside.
i think the lady will attack the man
i think the man will ask for reimbursement for his phone
The woman will get mad at the guy for asking about his phone.
He will ask her for money for the broken phone.
he will ask for his mobile phone which was broken by the stranger.
The guy will get mad at the woman. And the woman will yell at the guy. They are going to fight.
The man willa sk if she needs help and barely mention the broken phone.
He'll likely ask about his phone and why she broke it.
I think the man will say "Miss" - you broke my phone.
I think the man will will ask her what's wrong.
the two characters will have an argument.
The man will ask the woman if she is okay and needs help
I think the guy in the red shirt will ask the lady to pay him for damaging his phone.
miss? you just broke my phone. give me some money
He will ask the woman if she is OK
The woman will scream at him and run off.
The guy will ask what is troubling the girl, and why she threw his phone down.
He will confront the woman about breaking his phone.
The man and woman talk
The man will ask her if everything is ok.
someone is coming to meet her
the lady will yell at the guy when he confronts her about his broken phone
The man will tell the lady that she has broken his phone and ask her to get a new one for him.
The man will ask the lady if she is ok and if he can help her.
The man will tell the lady she broke his phone, and she will walk away.
The woman will ignore the guy and carry on being angry and upset
The woman will apologise for breaking the guys phone
He's going to help her with his phone.
