I think the mean man will kill the guy who was waiting for the bus.
The guy is going to punch the other guy wearing the headphones.
The guy that had his phone broken is going to be harmed in some kind of way.
The guy who just arrived tells the other man that is he part of the mafia. And he intimidates the guy with the broken phone. Then the guy who just arrived will try to calm down the woman and that they are doing everything possible to recover her family member.
The odd man in the car might attack the guy in the red shirt.
The woman will give the man in the red shirt some money for his broken phone.
The guy who was waiting at the bus stop is going to get punched in the face
The man threatens to hurt the kid in the red shirt. The lady starts hitting the man.
The man waiting for the bus will try to say that he doesn't know the other man and to just forget about the phone and he won't say anything about the incident. The other man will threaten him.
The new dude is going to smack the poor dude with broken phone and take the woman.
I think the man will attack the other man with the ice cream.
The man from the car is going to assault the original guy.
The older man will punch the guy from the bus stop
The lady will slap the older man
He responds no.
The man is going to tell the man in red who he is.
The man will kidnap the man in red shirt.
There is going to be an escalation into at least an arguement.
The man with the headphones is going to try to diffuse the situation because he does not want a fight.
there may be a gun shoot on the next 30 seconds.
The new man will threaten the man who was waiting on the bus.
I have no idea.
The taller man pushes the smaller man
I think the man will apologize and try to leave.
the man who just arrived will want to attack the other guy in the scene
I think the man with the accent will physically assault the man waiting for the bus.
The man in the car is going to punch the man whos phone is broken. He is going to push the woman away and get in his car and drive away. She will try chasing his car to get answers.
The woman will shoot the guy who showed up in the car.
the man will give the one in the pink top money for the broken phone but the man in pink will stay to make sure no shoes lady is okay
the man she knows would hit the other man that gave her his phone
The man from the car would punch the man with the polythene bag
The woman is going to slap the man in the suit.
The taller man pushes the man who was waiting at the bus. The woman tries to intervene
