There will be a goup of people waiting at a bus stop.
a bus comes along
A picture of a bus stop will be shown
I think the video will show a group of young children waiting at a bus stop.
Some people will be waiting at a bus stop.
The camera will pan in to a shot at a bus stop, where something is going on.
I think the video will pan to people waiting at a bus stop
A group of people will be talking to each other while standing at a bus stop.
we will pan to a bus stop
The movie will begin.
A bus will pull up to the bus stop and stop.
The movie will start about a bus stop.
A person will be sitting on a bench waiting for a bus.
People will get out of the bus.
A group of people are waiting
The bus flies past
The bus does not show up
People are getting on the bus
I really can't say. The video didnt play
The scene will start with some children on a bus.
The scene will start with some children waiting for the bus.
people are waiting for buss.
a bus will stop
The movie will begin.
The movie will show a picture of an actual bus stop.
I have no idea you didn't show any film
The movies will cut to a scene showing a bus stop.
I think the movie will cut to a kind standing at a bus stop, next to a stop sign.
The movie will cut to an adult standing at a bus stop.
It will be a scene at a bus stop.
I think the video will display a scene of a bus stop.
the screen will show the bus or passengers
someone will be waiting at a bus stop
The text will still be on the screen, but will start to fade out.
I think I will see a crowded bus stop.
The first scene will be a single person standing at a bus stop.
I think we will see an image of a bus stop.
Camera will zoom in on a bus stop.
It will fade in to a person standing at a bus stop.
There will be an empty bus stop, and a bus will pull up.
I think it will show a bus.
Another word will appear.
There will be people on the bus stop.
There will be people standing at the bus stop.
A scene will start with someone waiting for a bus.
The next scene will involve a bus stop.
The camera will focus in on a bus stop with a woman sitting there.
The camera will focus on an empty bus stop and both a man and a woman will approach it at the same time.
A bus will stop at the bus stop and people will get on.
There will be people sitting at a bus stop.
I thin kthat the film will be about what happens at a bus stop since that is all we saw.
I will see people at a bus stop.
I think we'll see an image of people at a bust stop waiting for the bus.
a street scene will appear with people and cars moving about.
it shows a bus stop
I imagine there will be an opening scene at a bus stop
a person will be sitting at a bus stop
My prediction is that I will see a movie with a bus stop in it.
I think I will see a movie that contains a bus.
People will be waiting at a bus stop.
The movie will open up on a character sitting at a bus stop, waiting for a bus.
I think a bus will stop and pick someone up.
It is going to show me people at a bus stop.
A person will be waiting at a bus stop
A person will be walking to a bus stop
I think that some type of intentsr action will come to pass.
I think the picture will fade in from black and we will see what is going on
someone will be waiting at a bus stop
a bus will stop at the bus stop
The video will then show a bus stop.
I think that you will see several people waiting for a bus at a bus stop.
The video will show someone waiting for the bus at a bus stop.
I think that the bus will come around the corner and pick kids up
we will see a bus stop
A bus will crash into the bus stop
The bus will come, and the person will miss it.
The bus will explode.
The bus will not stop.
The bus will be hijacked.
i think i will see someone sitting at the bus stop.
A bus stop will be shown.
A bus stop will be shown on the screen
I think the main character will talk.
A woman and a man will be sitting at a bus stop
people will be doing the busstop dance
I think two people will be in the next scene
There will be a bus in the scene and people will enter the bus.
I think the movie will show a bus stop with a handful of people waiting and they are looking at their phones.
Get down from the bus
I was given nothing except a title that stated "Bus Stop". So something about a Bus Stop.
I think it will show people waiting at the bus stop.
I think the scene will pull up to a bus stop.
It will show an opening credit.
I think it will show a person waiting for a bus.
The scene will begin at a bus stop.
People will be at a bus stop.
A bus approaches the bus stop.
People are waiting for the bus at the bus stip
A bus will stop.
The opening credits will appear on the screen
A group of children will be at a bus stop.
It will show me what is happening at a particular bus stop
There will be a scene at a bus stop
The scene will open up with people waiting at a bus stop
It will show the main character of the movie.
It will list actors or creators of the movie.
The scene will start at a bus stop where people are waiting for a bus
A bus is driving to a bus stop
There will be one bus stop
I think the scene will open up with a bunch of people standing at a bus stop.
a bus will pull up to a bus stop.
There will be a group of kids waiting for the school bus and one kid starts bullying another one of the kids.
I think somebody will get hit by a car.
The bus will stop for the children waiting.
We will see a scene of a bus stop
I think the scene will show a bus stop.
i missed the video cause i thought it wasnt playing so i tabbed out.
A person will appear out of the darkness
The camera is going to pan towards a bus stop.
It will cut to an opening scene of the movie.
A bus will appear in the first scene.
Waiting People in Bus Stop
I think there will be a panorama view of a bus stop with somebody waiting under it.
I think there will be somebody running towards a bus stop to catch a bus.
There will be a bus stop maybe some people standing at it
I think we will see an image of a person waiting for the bus on a rainy, cold evening.
I think we will start the movie at a bus stop with passengers waiting for a bus.
the main character of the movie will go to the bus stop to wait for the bus
I think there will be a bus stopped.
People will be waiting at a bus stop.
I guess there will be an opening shot of a group of people standing at a city bus stop.
Someone will try to catch a bus
I'm not entirely sure what will happen.
they will show a bus stop
The movie will start with a few people talking.
There will be a bus going down the road to pick up a kid.
There's gonna be a scene with a bus stop.
a bus stop will be shown on the screen and some one will wait for the bus.
We will see a bus stop with people waiting.
The opening credits will roll.
Its going to happen at bus stop
We'll see people sitting at or waiting for a bus somewhere.
I think there will be a normal bus stop, likely a few people waiting around.
I suspect we will see some images of people outside. It is difficult to say on this one.
There will be people waiting at the bus stop.
I think people will be waiting for a bus at a bus stop.
The scene will start with a bus stop
The movie hasn't even started yet...
There will be a bus stop
I think that a bus will appear at a bus stop.
I think a bus stop scene will appear.
People will gather at the bus stop.
I predict that someone will visit a bus stop.
I think I will see two or three people sitting at a bus stop and they will not be speaking to each other.
I think I will see a person boarding a bus at a bus stop.
I think a scene of a bus stop will be shown.
There will be people waiting at a bus stop.
People will be standing at a bus stop.
A bus will pull up to a bus stop.
A bus is going to drive up and stop.
A bus stop will be shown
We will see a scene at a bus stop.
There will be a picture of the bus stop and people waiting for the bus.
We will see a bus stop.
There will be one or more people there.
I think the scene will either shift to a bus stop or a school bus full of kids
I think that if prediction 
I think that the video will show a man standing at the bus stop.
another word(s) will come up
I think there will be a scene of a bus stop.
I think there will be school-aged children waiting at the bus stop to be picked up talking about what will happen at school.
It will show a bus stop.
the video will start and it will be multiple people at a bus stop?
the video will start and it will be in POV of the bus driver or a bus passenger
a scene of buses would play next
THE TRAIN IS ABOUT TO STOP MOVING
PEOPLE ARE WILL DROP FROM THE BUS
it will appear a bus stop sign.
The scene of a bus coming to a stop to allow people alight or board the bus.
The bus is going to appear.
a bus is coming
A bus stop scene will appear on screen
I think we will see a character at the bus stop waiting to catch the bus.
I think the scene will involve a bus and a bus stop
Some characters will appear at a bus stop.
I think some characters will appear at a bus stop.
I think the screen will transition to an empty bus stop
a bus stop will come into view with a main character that will continue on with the movie
An image of a bus stop will appear.
An image of aa bus stop appears.
There will be a bus stop
People will be waiting at a bus stop
A number of people, all different ages are waiting a bus stop and been waiting for some time.
A clear picture of a living thing will come up.
There'll be a video of a bus stop
We will see someone or someone's at the bus stop, waiting for a bus and will see their interaction.
Opening shot of the bus stop.
The scene opens to see an empty bus stop.
The scene opens to see a bus stop with passengers waiting for the bus.
we will be shown a bus stop in the video
You will see a video of a bus stop.
I think cars will shown
you see a bus at a bus stop
I think there will be at least one person standing at a bus stop.
A bus will pull up at the bus stop
Some number of people will be seen at this bus stop
A bus will pull up at the bus stop
Someone or some persons will be waiting to board a bus at this bus stop.
Image of a bus stop will appear.
a bus stop will appear
a bus stop will be shown
a bus stop will be shown
It will be a video about people waiting at a bus stop
They will cut to a bus stop.
