She will try to leave with his phone.
he wants back his phone.
The man will watch the lady continue to have a phone conversation where she is talking to someone about something she doesn't want others to know about.
The car rolls away and the women runs after it
The women takes the phone and gets back in her car
The women gives the man his phone back
The bus shows up and the man is torn between getting on the bus and retrieving is phone
The women will continue the conversation and give the phone back to the man.
I think the woman will start yelling on the phone and then break it.
She screams.
The bus will come but he will need to get his phone back so he will tell her that he needs to go.
The car is going to get totaled.
I the the bus is going to arrive and cause him to miss the bus because the woman has his phone.
someone is going to show up and cause trouble
it appears the car is rolling down the hill with the woman outside it. She appears to occupied to see it. The car will continue rolling. She is on the phone telling someone she is there. It appears there may be some kidnapping issue. She is going to run after the car with the man's phone. At that time the bus will come
Her vehicle will roll down the street with no one in it while she continues to talk on the man's phone who is waiting for the bus.
The man will faint since he appears dizzy.
The woman will get into an argument on the phone
The men give mobile to one lady
I think she'll give back the phone and someone menacing will pull up next to them.
The man is going to ask what is going on.
The girl takes off with his phone
She Broke the mobile
The man will miss the buss because the woman has his phone.
I predict the man will try to find out what is bothering the woman.
I think that the woman's car is going to hit another car.
I think the woman may take the phone.
The guy will keep waiting for his phone to be returned by the woman.
the bus will come
The woman will leave with the phone.
The man will watch a crime of some kind take place.
The woman will involve the man in whatever is going on, or explain to him, etc.. telling him more than he wants to know.
Something surreal will happen and the man will wonder if he has heat stroke.
I think the lady is in trouble
I think the woman will return the phone to the man.
I think the woman's car rolled down the street because she forgot to put the safety break on when she stopped.
Woman will continuing arguing on phone to the point she finally throws it down on the ground and smashes it.
Man just keeps waiting at but stop almost expressionless and basically unconcerned about things happening around him and to him.
Car is going to continue to roll down the road and at some point will hear a crash.
The lady will finally notice that she left the handbrake off on her car and that it's rolling down the road. Although she already appears to know this, not sure why she just let it happen.
The bus will come and the lady will still be on the phone. The man will miss the bus unless he waits for her to finish her conversation.
