The strange guy makes a phone call, gets back into his vehicle and drives off.
The man meets another at the bus stop.
he is gonna still the car.
The man will go steal the womans vehicle because he is hot and has ice cream and doesn't feel like waiting for the bus anymore.
The man at the bus stop will try to listen in on the conversation.
The woman at the pay phone will start yelling at someone.
The guy will go sit in the air conditioned vehicle while the girl is on the phone.
The girl will yell to the guy and ask if he has change.
The person will get back in the car and leave while he is still waiting.
The man will ask the lady for a ride but she will say no.
I think someone is going to steal the women's car.
I think a car will come by and rip the door off of the car since it was left open.
A bus will come and the man will get on it
The man will go interact with the person who pulled up in the Jeep
I think the man will help the woman
I think the person waiting for the bus will ask the lady for a ride.
The ice cream melts.
The bus will arrive.
Another vehicle arrives.
Someone is going to be chasing the person at the phone
The bus is going to pull up
The man will run and jump in the Jeep so he can escape the heat.
The man will ask the person for a ride.
The person on the phone will ask the man for help.
The man asks the woman if everything is alright.
The man watches the woman make a phone call
The woman asks the man for some change to make a phone call
The man will approach the woman to ask if she is all right.
The woman will call the police or an ambulance to help her.
I think the bus will pull up to the stop.
cops come.
I think the guy will get a ride with the lady.
The woman is calling on a payphone to report to police that she saw someone get shot.
The woman on the phone just escaped a kidnapper and wants to inform the police about this.
The man keeps looking at the woman.
The lady is going to yell at someone on the phone.
I think he will cross the street to see what she is doing.
The main standing on the street will ask for a ride home from the lady who stopped her car.
The sweaty guy is going to keep standing there and watching the girl across the street.
the guy will be witness of a rare and uncommon situation
I think the woman will approach the man with the headphones.
The girl makes a call and notices the rider and offers him a lift.
someone steels the ladies car
the gentleman will call out to the lady to help her out
The lady will place a call using the pay phone.
