I think the main character will drink out of the milk carton and start walking.
I think the person will finish opening their milk and then take a drink of it.
The person will finish opening the milk and begin to drink it.
I think someone will drink from the carton of milk
I think the shoe will be shown again, and it will be tapping. Then, it will turn a bit, to one side. After that, the milk will be opened all the way.
they don't know what to do
The shoe will continue tapping
They will take a drink from the carton they are opening.
The person will drink the milk from the milk carton.
I think there is a guy wearing the shoes that is going to take a drink of milk and then walk across the street.
I think it could also be a man wearing shoes, taking a drink of milk and then going for a jog.
A person will drink the milk.
A person will take a drink of the milk
The person wearing the shoes will open the milk and start running.
The video will show someone drinking the milk, though in an angle that doesn't let us see their face. Then they will start to go.
I think a teenager will drink from a milk carton.
I think it will show how shoes end up in the middle of roads and in the sidewalks abandoned.
I think he will cross the street.
More images of the person in the shoe flash before the screen before the person starts walking or running...
The guy will start dancing.
The guy will start walking down the street while drinking that carton that he opened.
I will see the main character of the film wearing 'the shoes'.
The main character will then take a sip from the milk carton.
The bottle of milk will start a beat to go with the shoe.
They drink milk
I think that after the carton of milk opens that he will spill it on his shoe.
I think the carton will be opened.
I think the person will start running.
I think the person will drink the milk.
I think the person will dump the milk on the shoe
Someone will pour a glass of milk
Well that was weird. I think we will see shoed feet walking.
A man will eat something.
I think they will show the person's face
We going to see a mans adventure through a shoe's perspective.
