someone will dance
I think we're going to see the wearer of the shoe start jogging or running down the street.
The shoe will start walking down the street to the rhythm of the music.
I think that maybe the person will start walking.
Someone will start walking in the shoe down the street and get out of a car, like the whole movie is backward?
A young male will walk down an empty street and will join up with a pal.
The camera will stay super close to the shoe (as seen in the clip) and the person wearing the shoes will begin to walk on the sidewalk.
The shoe will begin walking somewhere.
The camera will continue to move around the tapping foot, until it moves forward.
The shoe will start walking somewhere.
The shoe will continue tapping and dancing to the music.
The shoe will run somewhere.
We will see the person who is wearing the shoe.
We will see the shoe move around and dance.
This will show the shoe walking around outside at different places.
Another shoe would join it soon.
The person will dance.
The shoe will start moving
The camera will pan up to show a leg tapping the shoe.
An upward shot to the person wearing the shoe.
The person wearing the shoe will start walking, with the camera focused just on the shoe.
I think the music will get louder.
I think a different shoe is going to enter the scene.
The shoe will start walking around and showing us how they end up lost on the side of the road.
The shoe will start walking.
The shoe will start walking.
The camera will show that either someone is wearing the shoe or the shoe will move itself.
I think the camera is going to pan onto the person wearing the shoe
The screen will move up and show the person wearing the shoe.
The shoe will walk around.
I think the camera will pan up and we'll find out that no one is wearing the shoe.
I think it will continue to pan up the leg to reveal more of the character wearing the sneaker/shoe
The shoe will start walking and the camera will track the shoe as it goes.
The shoe go walking
The shoe will start walking
