The main male lead will try and continue to get the main female lead to notice him.
The main character of the video will encounter several other mishaps that make him look silly.
I believe that the man will follow the lady
The man will walk into something and spill his milk on himself.
The man will drop his milk on his shoes.
The man will walk into something and drop his milk on his shoes.
guy says hi to woman
The character will speak to someone.
The guy will follow the girl.
HE WILL YELL AT GIRL.
I think the guy will approach the woman walking down the street.
The man will try to talk to the woman.
I think he will talk to the girl.
The man turns around and heads in the direction the woman is going.
The man will fall down.
He's going to walk over to her and flirt with her.
He will cross the street and approach the woman.
The man drinking milk is going to follow the woman who is walking by.
I think that the man will approach the woman in the video
The man will walk up to the lady.
The man will try to cross the street to speak to the lady and he will trip again, so she walks away.
I think the guy will try to talk to the woman.
The man will finish the milk and throw the milk container on the ground.
The man will see a pair of shoes on throw up high on the electrical wires.
The guy continues chasing the girl down the street and gets hit by a car.
I think the guy with the milk will approach the lady walking on the other side of the street.
The man with the milk will start following the woman, trying to get closer to her.
The man with the milk with act clumsily in view of the woman.
The main character will finish the milk and cross the street to meet the girl.
The main man will keep following the woman in the red top
The man is going to continue walking opposite side of the woman while looking at her. He will trip as he walks on. He will eventually litter the milk carton.
I think he will spill milk on his shoes.
He will continue to walk jauntily alongside the woman before waving/attempting to start a conversation with her.
The man will start to approach the woman across the street, but he will trip on one of his shoelaces. He will keep trying to get to her, but obstacles will keep him from getting close.
