The guy lands on the street with his shoes on the sidewalk.
I think the car will roll over and land upside down and the guy will jump up and keep dancing.
I think the car will come crashing down. The woman will run over to check on the man.
The people in the car will be hurt. The man will be hurt.
The woman will rush to the man.
the man will die of his injuries and the lady in red will cry
The car is going to smash into a building and blow up.
the car will come crashing down and the guys show will roll off somewhere.
the girl will run over to help the man
The car come to a full stop and the video will show the man that got hit is missing his shoe.
nothing will happen to the person
I think that the car is going to crash into a nearby building.
The girl is going to run over the the guy who got hit to see if he is ok.
The car is going to be upside down and hit something else.
The guy who got hit is going to be happy the girl came to check on him.
I think the shoe will have flown off the main character and we will see it land somewhere.
The person in the car dies.
He's going to be in the hospital
The man's shoes will be on the ground separated from his body.
I think the car will crash down on the ground and slide.
I think the car will roll over a group of nuns.
The red car is going to land on its side and roll.
The car will flip and the shoes will fly.
The woman runs over to the car to see how the man is
The woman copies the man and gets hit by a car as well
the man will die
the lady will cry
the man will get back up and she will keep copying him
the man will hug the women
the man will be hospitalized
This lady is going to run towards the guy and he will smile
I think the car in the accident will continue to tumble and that the guy that got hit will die.
I think the car will land on the ground.
The car is going to land on the ground and she is going to approach the man that got hit by the car.
The car will blow up on landing
The woman will run to the mans aid
the girl; will run to the accident
I think the car will set on fire.
the car that got into accident will hit the ground and catch fire.
