I believe the guy will keep intimidating the girl then approach her.
I think that the man will continue to dance and watch the woman across the street, then run into something because he isn't paying attention.
The two people will continue to copy each other's movements and walk out into the street while doing so.
I think the man will mock the womans movements
I think the woman will have a silly walk that she does next, which the man will enjoy. Then, as he tries to do his next walk, he'll walk into a sign.
enjoying the moment with a girl
The man and woman will meet
He will make a funny face and do a funny move.
He will run over to the other side where the girl is.
I think the woman and man will end up talking and going on a date.
The guy will bump into something.
He will keep walking along and mimicking what she does
The couple of people are going to continue mimicking each other.
One or both of them are going to hit something.
The couple will continue to use coverings to change their walking style into funny things to entertain each other.
I think the man will walk into a sign.
I think that they will end up meeting in the middle of the road after they cross the street to meet
I think he will go talk to the lady.
The guy continues walking down the street across from the girl making gestures. Eventually the guy either loses the girl, encounters an obstacle of some sort, or runs into trouble. After which he begins running...
They will continue to imitate each other. Each time the other person will do something sillier and crazier for the other person to imitate.
The main character will continue to interact with the established love interest.
The main character will continue looking at the stranger across the street and hit his head on a pole.
The man and the woman will continue to imitate each other playfully until the man runs into a pole. The woman will laugh
He gets hit by a bus
I think that the man is going to cross the street and strike up a conversation with the woman.
I think the man will eventually cross the street and talk to the woman--but not before playing more silly games with her down the street.
The man will continue to dance down the street with the girl, until they meet at the end.
The man will be attracted to the woman and try to flirt with her.
The couple will keep waving back and forth
I think the man and woman will continue to imitate each other.
They will get hit on a pillar.
I think the man will run into something since he is distracted by watching and mimicking what the woman does.
We find out that wearing certain shoes make people copy eachother.
