we are going to follow this slob and see from the shoe's POV occasionally.
He will drink the milk, then drop the carton on the ground as trash.
The person will spill milk onto the shoe.
He will finish the milk and throw the carton on the ground.
The milk will turn out to be bad and the man will spit it out.
The person will drink the milk, and perhaps find something wrong with it. More than likely will throw the carton away
I think the person will take a sip and throw the carton on the ground.
I think the person will raise the carton as in a toast.
I think the person will dance.
I think there will be a rewind to the past.
I think the scene will change and will now show a factory.
After swallowing the milk he will realize it's spoiled.
The man will spill the milk all over his shoes and become agitated (once he finds out it's spoiled).
He will drink the milk.
He will tap or dance.
The guy drinks the milk
The guy drinks the milk and it is spoiled so he spits it out
The man will drink the whole container of milk and throw it on the floor.
I think they will go back to the shoe and it will start walking.
The man will start walking.
He litters the milk carton and someone confronts him.
The milk drink has spoil.
The man will continue drinking the milk out of the carton.
The milk will spill and get on the shoe
The movie will be about how shoes or made.
The movie will be about the truth in advertising.
The guy will drink the milk standing where he is now.
The man will drink the milk and drop it on the ground.
He will finish drinking the milk and then drop the container on his shoe.
I think that the guy will get hit by a car, which will be why he's lying on the ground.
The man will drink the milk.
The man will drink the milk and begin jogging.
the guy will spill the milk on the shoe
The person will drop the empty milk container on the ground and walk away
He will drink some of the milk.
He will drop the milk carton on the floor.
I have absolutely no idea at all
I think he's going to enjoy the milk and then probably continue moving along with the music, and probably start walking somewhere.
The man will spill his milk on the shoe.
