the man will get hit by a car
I think the man and the woman are going to break into dance.
I think either the man or the woman will stumble again.
The man will cross the street to go dance with the woman.
I think the person will get distracted and possibly fall.
The man and woman continue down the street flirting and copying each other's actions and then the man almost gets hit by a car. There will be some twirling involved for sure. Maybe a dog will be in the mix.
The man and woman continue to mirror one another until the man runs into a pole.
The two people will continue walking down the street with the girl imitating the guy.
The woman will continue to copy the man, as they walk down the street.
The people will start dancing to a musical sequence.
The man will cross the street and approach the lady.
They will both trip and fall.
The guy will continue to mimic the lady.
The lady will smile at the guy and they will dance.
I think the man will continue to walk down the street and the woman will continue to emulate him.
the woman keeps behaving how the man is behaving.
The both of them will dance together.
She will keep imitating him
The man will walk into a pole because he isn't looking where he is going.
The two people will continue to mimic each others movements.
I think the guy and the girl will continue to walk and look at each other.
I think they will take turns mimicking the way they are walking.
I think he is going to make a fool of himself by walking into something.
She will continue to mimic his movements until they end up dancing together.
He will do another gesture that she will then mimic.
They will dance some more.
The man and woman will continue to mirror each other while walking.
i think the man and woman will walk over to each other.
The woman walking will mimic the man walking while smiling at him.
The man and women continue to dance down the sidewalk.
I think the man will attempt to make a pass at the woman.
I think he will walk into something or trip
The man and woman will continue to mirror each other as their movements become more exaggerated and outlandish.
The man will not be paying attention and step out into traffic where a car hits him.
Gets run over by car
The man and women will start dancing
