The main female lead will walk over towards the fallen shoe and pick it up.
The shoe will be shown abandoned where it was in the original shot.
I believe that the woman will go and try and help the man
The shoe will come to a rest on the side of the road and the woman will run away.
The shoe will come to a rest on the ground and the woman will go to the fallen man.
woman picks up shoe
The next shot will be of the male character. We will see he was not hurt.
The guy will pick up the shoe.
GIRL WILL PICK UP SHOE.
I think someone else will start mimicking the woman.
The girl will pick up the shoe.
I think the girl will pick up the shoe.
The woman runs over and picks up the shoe.
The man will go to the hospital.
He will get up and they will start doing funny stuff again.
The woman will pick up the shoe.
The woman is going to run over to the man and check to see of he is OK.
The person driving the car is going to get out of his car and yell because the man wasn't paying any attention.
The shoe is going to be shown lying on the ground and someone else will come along and pick it up.
I think that the man will get up from the accident
The woman will pick up the shoe.
The shoe will start imitating the woman's actions on its own.
I think the man will be fine.
Someone passing by will see the shoe laying in the street.
The woman will go over to the man that is laying in the street.
The woman will pick up the shoe and give it back to the man.
Someone picks up the shoes and wears it. And the movie ends.
The lady will run over to check on the guy that got hit by the car.
The woman will pick up the shoe and bring it to the man lying on the ground.
The shoe will be picked up by another person and it will start all over again
The main man ends up dead, or at least very injured.
She is going to pick up the shoe and look at it.
She is going to continue walking like nothing happened and ignore the shoe or step over it.
I think she will pick up his shoe.
I think that she will pick up the shoe and take it to the hospital where he is staying (if he survived)
She will put on the shoes and find another person to do the same thing with. She and the other person will mimic each other, but this time she is the one that gets hit by a car
The woman will run to the man and see if he is ok.
