I think where the animal got onto, is not a log but a crocodiles back and it will launch the animal in the air.
They will continue to provoke the crocodile.
I think that the water buffalo will fall into the water and then climb back onto land.
the unknown object will turn out to be one small piece of something larger.
the buffalo will get eaten by the alligator
I think the gator will move and startle the bison that's on top of him.
I think the bison that's on top of the gator will jump back to shore and the bison will continue to argue about whether it's a gator or a log.
The crocodile will reveal itself to the Cow standing on top of it.
The cow will slowly start to sink
The cow will fall into the water.
The other cow will start saying ''crocodile'' while the cow that thought it was a crocodile from the beginning will be convinced it's now just a log.
I think that the rock in the water will move, revealing that it was an alligator all along.
I see now, cow one thinks it's an alligator and cow two thinks it's a log. I think that cow one is going to fall in the water.
I think it is going to turn out to be something unexpected. Not what either cow thinks.
One of the wilderbeasts will be eaten by an alligator.
The other will finally agree that it is a log of wood
The crocodile will begin swimming underneath the wildebeest.
I think the log will move and show it's an aligator
I think a giant confused alligator is going to pop up and do something either mean or funny.
The crocodile will spin and grab on to the bull with it's jaws.
I think the other bull will say it's a log. Then, the bull on the alligator will say no, and start bouncing on it.
I think the alligator will rise up out of the water.
I think that the one that stepped on it will get ate
The crocodile/alligator will turn raise up and the buffalo(?) will fall into the water.
It will turn out to be a crocodile and start swimming away.
The crocodile will swim away with the animal on it's back.
I think the buffalo will jump across the water to safety.
The thing in the water will be a crocodile and try to eat the ox
I think the buffalo will float away on whatever he is standing on.
The alligator will wake up and knock the animal off
alligator gets mad at being stepped on
I think the "log" will turn into a gator / crocodile.
I think the other bison / buffalo character will enter the water / get on the object in the water.
I think the one on the floating object will return to shore.
The alligator will pop up and dunk the moose.
A crocodile will leap out of the water.
it has no reaction
The animal that's on top of the thing in the water will jump up and down on it. Then it will jump back on to the land.
The alligator will eat the animal and from inside the alligator, the animal will say "it's an alligator" in the picture form used throughout the video.
The animal will sink.
The crocodile will awake upset someones on his back.
The buffalo will fall into the water.
The alligator will win the lottery.
The bulls will discover its an alligator
ALIGATOR WILL BITE.
I think the moose that jumped on the object in the water is going to start jumping up and down on it trying to prove it's an alligator.
I think after jumping up and down on the object in the water the moose is going to do a little dance on top of it as well.
i think the alligator will jump and knock the waterbuffalo down.
I think the other bull will get on the object in the water.
The crocodile will eat the animal that hopped on his back
I think the item in the water will suddenly move.
The log won't move, and the poor sheep will still insist it is a crocodile.
A crocodile will eat the sheep standing on him, proving that sheep right.
The alligator will wake up at snap at the animal!
The other buffalo will try and stand on the log. The log will flip over and an alligator will be there on the side.
The crocodile will attack them.
The water buffalo that went on the object will end up falling in the water.
The alligator will wake up and get angry.
The animals will all realize it is a gator when it gets mad and moves.
An alligator will pop up and scare the animal that's on it.
Another animal will hop on the log/alligator.
A crocodile will snap at it.
The log will flip over.
Tha laigator will jump up and try to eat the buffalo
I still think it is an alligator and it hasn't popped up yet.
I also think it might actually just a big rock.
I still think that it is a crocodile who will scare the bulls
The alligator will attack the animals.
The alligator will jump up.
The wildabeast will be eaten by the alligator
I think the thing underneath the cow will move and reveal itself.
the alligator rolls over in the water
An alligator will get up.
The other buffalo standing on land will get eaten.
As it turns out, the mysterious thing in the lake is a crocodile and it will surprise the two animals.
The rock will turn out to be a crocodile and eat the other animal.
I believe the character will find out that it is an alligator that is really in the water.
The character will get eating by this alligator.
The alligator will come out of the water.
He will fall off the log
The part above the water actually belongs to a giant sea monster.
wood is floating on the water
The crocodile would attempt to attack the cow standing on top of it.
I still think it's an animal that will finally do something to scare the other two.
The creature in the water will move and will cause the land animal to fall into the water.
The animal will be carried away from the shore on the crocodile.
The other animal will jump on the crocodile too.
An alligator will come up.
I think that, ironically, some kind of vicious animal will come out of nowhere while the bison is standing on the log.
They will fall off.
It will be an alligator and it will try to bite them.
The alligator will quickly jump up and eat the ox that's on his back.
it's an alligator!!!!
They will both stand on the alligator.
The thing in the water will eat the bison.
I think the water buffalo will sink while standing on the crocodile.
I think the alligator in the water will rise up with the cow on its back.
I think it will end up being a turtle that he is standing on.
He will get eaten
It is going to turn out to be an alligator which will attack the guy who just jumped on him.
The other one is going to laugh when he falls in or gets eaten.
The alligator will finally move and knock it off.
I think that it will either be a plank of wood or a gator like the other cow thought.
I think the object the water buffalo is standing on will either attack the buffalo or start swimming down the water.
The cow falls in the pond/lake.
Another cow jumps onto the object.
The cows give up and leave.
The alligator will attack the buffalo on its back.
the animal will sink in the water.
a croc's head will emerge from the water
The "log" ends up actually being a crocodile and throws the bison off it's back.
The log is actually an alligator and it eats him.
I believe that he gets eaten by an alligator.
The object in the water is going to finally reveal it's identity.
The two sheep like animals are going to continue to argue over whether or not it's a log or an alligator.
The object in the water is going to be sunk by the sheep.
An alligator will pop up
the object will continue to not respond to the wilde beast
I think the other animal on land will think that it is just a log in the water and decide to get in.
I think the alligator will throw the moose off it's back.
The crocodile is going to turn over and eat the buffalo.
It is a crocodile and will attack the bull.
They will discover it is a crocodile.
The alligator will make the animal fall.
The log will turn out to be an alligator and eat the animal.
I think the thing in the water will eat the buffalo.
I think the alligator is going to raise up and the animal on its back is going to say "see, it IS an alligator"
The second bull will jump on the "log" and they will float for a while. Then the log will turn out to be an alligator.
I predict that the crocodile will eat the horned animal
I still think it's a gator and it's going to move!
Well its a pretty amusing video so far, I actually don't have much of a prediction. I still think it is a crocodile but perhaps it is playing games with the water buffalo?
I think the alligator is going to throw the bison off his back.
The animal will fall into the water.
The alligator's head will pop up.
The second animal will jump on the alligator.
The cow will jump up and down on the log/crocodile
They will keep arguing about whether it's an alligator or not.
I believe that the ox that is on top of the object will be eaten by the object.
A huge monster will rise out of the water.
The log will turn out to be a gator and he'll stick his head up
The object will turn out to be an alligator and eat the moose that jumped on it.
The gator will take off with it on its back.
The alligator is going to throw the animal into the water
I think the crocodile will try to attack the cow.
The item in the water will turn out to be an alligator and attack the bull/cow/thing that got on top of him.
I think the alligator will get upset and show that it is an alligator.
In the next thirty seconds i think the other buffalo will hop onto the log.
The crocodile will raise it's head above the water and eat the cow.
I think the croc will start to move.
The alligator will show his head and scare off the animal on him.
I think the animal will fall into the water.
The one who thinks it's a log will go into the water to prove its a log and the crocodile will finally show itself.
He's going to get eaten by alligator
The alligator will beginning moving in the water.
The animal will be joined by the other one on the log/alligator
The object will reveal itself to be an alligator.
The object will reveal itself to be a log.
The alligator will move and scare the cow.
The animal will continue being on the object and arguing back and forth of what it is.
The bull on top of the crocodile will get eaten.
I think that it's a crocodile and it's going to pick it's head up and eat the animal
It could be a log and the animal will sink in the water and drown
The alligator will reveal it's an alligator and toss the cow off its back.
I think it will turn out to be an alligator and the cow will be thrown into the water.
I think an alligator will attack the animal on its back.
I think that the alligator is going to come all the way out of the water and the bull will fall in.
the alligator will get up out of the water
the cow will get started by the alligator
the cow is standing on an alligator that is going to attack
the alligator will get up and the cow will fall in the water
the cow will fall off into the water
I still believe that it's an alligator, and that it will rise up and scare them away.
The crocodile will eat only the 2nd wildebeest.
I think the alligator will snap up and bite at the animal.
The buffalo standing on the object will begin to sink and act surprised.
An alligator will rise up out of the water.
The antelope will get eaten by an alligator.
I think eyes will pop out of the water, revealing the wildebeest is standing on a crocodile, making the one wildebeest very proud before realizing he's in serious danger.
I think the other wildebeest will also jump on and join the first wildebeest.
I think the bull will fall off and land in the water.
I think the object (alligator or log) will start to move
The moose has found out this was a log
The alligator will eat the animal.
The alligator will eat the other animal (that stayed on land).
The crocodile is going to swim into the swamp with this cow on top of him
I think the log will end up being an alligator and make the animal (bull?) fall into the water.
I think the alligator log will still rise up and show us what it is. Perhaps eat the water buffalo thingie
He will try jumping on the alligator or log
I think the cows will try to figure out how to push the log with one cow on it.
The buffalo will be surprised and dragged under.
I think that the animals will fall into the water.
The crocodile will pop up but the animal that was saying it was a croc will get bitten instead of the one thinking it's a log
The animal is going to start jumping on it.
They will again try to drink water.
I think that the one animal will change his mind that it is actually a log and then find out that he was right after all when it is revealed to be a crocodile.
It's a croc and it will snap it's jaws and eat the sheep
The croc will snap his jaws and eat the shep
The "log" will snap at one of the wildebeest.
I think the animal on the object will slowly float away
I think the crocodile will stand moving with the buffalo on it.
Both animals will get on the 'log' and it will turn out to be the crocodile/alligator.
The animals will both get on the 'log' and it will sink.
It turns out that it is in fact a log and not an alligator.
The other bull will join it on the log and they will both poke at the alligator/log.
Nothing will happen
It turns out to not be an alligator/log, but another bull pulling a prank on the two of them
The one on top of the log/alligator will be eaten or it will be bit.
The ox will start jumping to prove to the other ox that it is just a log. The other ox will hesitate. The one will jump back on the shore and the one that was scared will jump to the log and find out it actually is an alligator.
the crocodile will put its head up and the bull will panic
The crocodile has tricked them and will rear up throwing the sheep into the water
I think they are going to find it is a log, and not an alligator.
I think he's going to get eaten by a crocodile since I still believe that it is a crocodile.
I think the alligator will flip the moose into the water.
I think the moose will wake the alligator up.
The animal on the object in the water will be attacked by something.
The cow gets eaten by the crocodile
the rhino that thought that object was a log will run away.
the crocodile in the water will try to swallow the rhino on top.
I think the thing in the water will rise up and the animal on top will fall into the water.
The crocodile will wake up
It's going to a be a big turtle.
The bison on top of the thing in the water will stay stepping and moving on the thing for some time, then begin to think it really is a log, at which point it will then reveal as an alligator.
