The man will do a magic trick.
the men hug.
The man continues to fan over the magician and the woman says that he's not such a big deal, he's an asshole, and if the man knew what he was like in real life then he wouldn't think highly of him.
The man asks the magician to do a trick
The magician does a trick
The women gets in the car and drives away
The man argues more with the women
The magician pays the man for the phone
They will continue talking, the guy with the broken phone is going to get payment and the women and man will continue fighting.
I think the man will do a magic trick.
He performs a magic trick.
The guy will invite him to a show at the casino.
Kid is gonna get killed.
I think the man in the white shirt is going to do a magic trick in front of the woman and the guy who was waiting at the bus stop.
the magic man is going do something bad to the bus stop guy.
the magician who clearly had a relationship with the woman will do some type of magic trick. He will think the man waiting for the bus is a friend of the woman and start pushing the man around. The woman will start screaming for her daughter
The magician will begin to do a couple of tricks for the man waiting for the bus while the woman continues to yell at the magician about some girl who seems missing.
The man in white will slap the other man.
The guy from the bus stop will be excited about the magician being there and ask for some tricks.
young talking with one old man
He will do a magic trick for them.
The man is going to threaten the guy waiting at the bus stop
The magician threatens the guy at the bus stop because he recognized the Magician. The girl defends him
She angry they Killed in men
The broken phone guy will get killed.
I predict the woman will indicate that the magician has done something terrible.
I think the man that came out of the car will try to fight the man at the bus stop because he is not a nice person.
I think the man that came out of the car will threaten the man at the bus stop.
The guy who was waiting for the bus will get killed as he identified the guy as the magic man.
He will do a magic trick
We find out that the missing person is his assistant who disappeared during a magic trick.
The woman and the magician run off together.
The bus stop man asks for an autograph and goes all "fan boy"
The magician offers the bus stop man a job as a magician's assistant.
i think there is a kind of advertisement going on
I think the man will bow to the younger man and confirm that he is indeed a magician.
The man doing the magic show gives the man who lost his phone free tickets to the show.
That went a whole different direction to what I was first expecting. I still think that the man (magician) will assault or shoot the man with headphones for being in the wrong place at the wrong time.
