The lady says sorry for breaking the phone, and the guy just keeps looking at her with that dumb look on his face.
The woman breaks his phone and says sorry and tells him her situation.
she continues to talk on the phone.
Her car that rolled away will crash and that man will be forced to ride the bus with the woman,
The man at the boss stop will yell at the woman for breaking his phone.
The guy will lethargically protest about her breaking the phone.
She will apologize for breaking the phone.
He will keep standing there looking around while his bus pulls up.
The man will yell at her for breaking his phone and the lady will drive off.
I think the man will get mad because his phone was just smashed.
The woman will apologize for smashing the phone
The man will be upset about the phone being broken.
I think the man will ask the woman what's wrong
I think the guy waiting for the bus will call the cops on the lady.
The phone breaks.
The phone gets run over by a car.
I was going to guess that she threw the phone but she just did. I think she's going to ask him for some sort of help and he's going to somehow become involved.
The man will yell at the woman for breaking his phone.
The woman will apologize for breaking his phone.
The lady will tell the man she is sorry for breaking his phone
The man will get angry with the woman
The person that the woman was talking to shows up and starts shooting at her
The man gets angry that his phone has been destroyed.
The woman returns the broken phone to the man.
I think the bus stop guy will yell at the woman.
she leaves in her car.
I think the lady will run back to her car.
The man at the bus stop will scream at her for breaking his phone.
The woman will apologize but ultimately do nothing to rectify the situation.
The man will act upset over the woman throwing his phone.
The dude with this ice cream is going to be frustrated with her spiking his phone.
I think he will freak out that she just destroyed his phone.
The man will become upset that the lady broke his phone.
The woman will leave after breaking the phone.
The guy will just stand there still waiting for the bus even though she broke his phone.
the guy will get mad but the girl will go crazier and they probably fight over it.
I think the woman will ask the man for some kind of help with her problem.
The guy will get mad his phone was destroyed, and the woman will explain why she is so mad.
the man gets annoyed because shes broken his phone
The man will be upset that the woman smashed his phone to the ground
The man will react towards his cellphone being damaged and probably ask the woman to pay for such
He might question the lady as to why she is so much upset.
