The woman will make a telephone call.
he approaches the woman.
The man standing at the bus stop will ask the lady if he can get a ride.
the women takes something out of her trunk
The women runs away
The bus shows up and hits the car
Someone jumps in the car and drives away with it
The women is going to make a call on the pay-phone.
I think the woman who got out of the car will make a call.
The woman will use the payphone.
I think the lady will make a phone call and the guy will listen to it from across the street.
I think that the woman is gonig o kick someone out of her car or throw someone out of it.
I think the man waiting at the bus stop is going to witness a crime happening in front of him.
the person in the vehicle will get something out of their car and surprise the bus stop guy.
The woman who got out of the car will pick up some packages from the back seat and run them into a building.
The woman who got out of the car will run around the other side and take her child out of the car.
The woman will open the trunk and pick something from it.
The man waiting at the bus stop will watch the person who just exited the car.
One young man come tired
I think the guy at the bus stop will consider stealing the woman's car.
The woman is going to use the payphone
The girl will ask is she to late to catch the bus
The guy will eat a snack
She is asking some help
The man will watch the woman in the road.
I predict the person who just got out of her vehicle will use the payphone.
I think the woman is running to bring something in her car that may scare the man at the bus stop.
The woman in the car will make a phone call.
A crime will happen
The man will see something like a crime take place.
The man will steal the car.
i think the man will steal the car
I think the man because he's so overheated will hop in the woman's car and drive away with it.
I think the man won't do anything but remain waiting for the bus.
Person coming out of car will make a phone call while man will just keep standing at the bus stop expressionless, with ice cream continuing to melt.
The lady will make a phone call and her car will be hit by another vehicle from behind.
