The guy is going to watch her car roll away.
I think the man will alert the woman that her car is rolling away
I think the woman will run after the get away vehicle
The car will roll down the hill with the woman chasing and yelling after it.
The person on the phones SUV is going to roll off and hit something.
I think the main character will go and talk with that lady
The man will drop his ice cream and run over to help the woman with her car.
the man will run over to help the girl
i think the lady's truck will get hit by a car
The man will walk over to talk to the lady and offer her his help.
The car will roll down the hill.
that stranger will come close to that person and talk to him
The guy will ask the girl what is happening.
I think the woman will run over and ask the man at the bus stop for help while her jeep keeps rolling.
Her car is slowly pulling forward, so likely it'll just continue drifting away, or someone will take it.
I think the man will will motion to the distraught lady that her car is rolling away.
I think the woman will walk to the man and ask to use his phone.
The woman's car will roll away and crash into a building or parked car.
The woman will run across the street and ask if the man has a phone she can use
I think the lady will realize that her car is going down the hills by itself.
the man will try to warn the other person that their car is rolling away
The woman will cross the road and approach the man
The woman will ask the guy if he has a phone she can use.
I think the lady will walk over and ask the guy waiting for some spare change.
The lady will ask to borrow money to make a phone call.
The Jeep will roll away.
The car gets away from the woman
The woman will cross the street towards the man.
The man will try to warn her about the rolling vehicle.
An accident will occur
the car starts moving and she couldn't catch up with it
The car is beginning to roll away, I think the individual waiting for the bus will run over to help the lady stop the car.
The bus will arrive and the individual waiting to get on the bus won't be able to see what is happening on the other side of the road.
I think the man waiting at the bus stop will tell the lady her car is rolling away and she will panic
The guy will go over the woman and ask if she is okay and tell her that the car isn't stopped properly.
The guy will stand at the bus stop and keep watching what the woman is doing
He's going to try helping her out or perhaps ask her what the problem is?
