The two dog people will run off into the wild.
he roams off as a dog.
The woman jumps on top of the man and they start to wrestle with each other while barking. They are trying to establish dominance.
The people dogs run off together
The two people figure out how to break the spell
The magician wakes up and fixes everyone
The dogs get in a fight
The bus shows up
The girl and the guy will walk off together as dogs.
I think they will walk away together on their fours.
the dog people mount each other.
They will continue to bark at each other and crawl off down the street.
hes gonna be fine.
I think the two people acting like dogs are going to get along and head off together.
okay, what is happening here? I honestly cannot predict what will happen next. maybe the dog people get hit by cars?
the man waiting for the bus and the girl are both hypnotized and acting like dogs. I think the bus will now come and they will get on
The two hypnotized people will become a couple and walk down the street before the movie ends.
The two barking people will find a way into the streets.
The two dog people will run off together
The young man getting dog voice
They will walk down the street barking as dogs together.
The people are going to go together forever thinking that they are dogs.
Someone calls police and they arrive on scene, And arrest the boy and girl barking.
The boy and girl realize they are barking and become really terrified
They are change dog
The hypnotized people will try to mate.
I predict that one or both of the hypnotized people will get hit by a car.
I think that a police officer would show up and think that the two people barking were the one's that shot the other two people.
I guess these two people are turned to dogs by the magician and won't believe they are humans anymore.
They will join a dog pack
The two people-dogs run off with each other.
i think they have been cursed by the magician and they will need a cure.
The two "dogs" will go off together and that will be the end of the story.
Both dogs go to bus stop and hop on bus together, and live happily ever after.
The headphone man/ dog will mount the woman kept in the boot of the car and start dry humping her.
