They are going to shoot each other.
I think the woman and man that have guns will shoot at each other
I think the man that was originally waiting for the bus will run
The magician will disappear.
The woman will shoot the man.
the main character will gonna help that lady
The man and woman will continue to argue and the innocent man will try to calm them down. He'll accidentally get stuck in the crossfire and possibly get shot.
A passerby/neighbor will see them arguing and report them (as well as the gunshot) to the cops and police will arrive on scene.
i think the kid will drop the bag and run away
i think there will be a shootout. someone will get shot
The magician will make the woman's gun disappear.
They will shoot each other.
she will shoot that person who were standing for the bus also.
The woman will shoot the magician and the other guy will panic. The woman will have to get the magicians car to find the girl that she's looking for.
The women will start demanding for the girl that is missing.
The women will shoot the man and it will turn out to be a magic trick.
At this point, simply an elaborate magic trick or something messed up.
I think one of three people present will try to diffuse the situation.
the magician will talk his assistant into lowering the gun.
The magician will try to get the woman to drop her gun
I think the lady will shoot the guy in the white shirt.
they are going to argue for a while but nothing more will come of it
The magician will do some magic to distract the woman
The woman will shoot the scrawny man if he doesn't answer her question.
The bus stop guy will get between the two with guns and get shot.
The man from the bus stop will try to get away.
The man and woman with guns will continue to argue.
Someone gets shot
We will find out who the "she" is that was mentioned.
they will shoot themselves
the magic guy will shoot both persons
I think she might shoot him if he doesn't tell her what she wants to know.
The magician will shoot the assistant
One of them will end up shooting the other
One of them will end up shooting the pink shirted guy
The guy whose phone is broken is going to get more frighten and perhaps want to run away.
