He's going to faint and wake up tied to a chair.
He is going to pass out in the street
The scene will cut to what happened before.
The man is going to wake up at the bus stop as if everything that has happened was a dream.
The man is going to turn into a rat.
The man is going to turn into a demonic creature.
The younger man will fall to the ground, and the older man will put him in his car. The woman will yell at the older man.
She will pull a shotgun out of the trunk and kill the magician.
Bob is going to cast a spell on the guy who's phone was broken.
I think the guy will go back to the girl near the car and try to do something to her
The man will become hypnotized and follow his orders.
he will be put into the car
i think the man will hit the ground.
The young guy will fall asleep
the man forgets everything that happened
the young man falls to the ground
she sill kill the magician
The guy on the ground will wake up in the hospital
The man will grab the guy and kidnap him or incapacitate him
The woman will take her daughter from the car and run.
gonna hit the pavement. Heat exhaustion
I think the man will wake up at the bus stop and nobody else will be around.
The man is passed out on the street
The man passes out and when he awakens he realizes he missed the bus.
The man will fall on the ground and the woman will escape with her daughter.
The man will pass out.
The man will rise again as a zombie.
The 'bus stop' guy will wake up with a friendly crowd around him and there will be no sign of the other two characters having been there...
the man passes out and the man who hypnotised him attacks the lady and gets her in the boot of the car
He is hypnotised
The man lies on the road and the woman screams in the background.
the police turn up, the man and women run away and the guy from the bus stop is left passed out on the floor with a gun next to him
He will wake up and be somewhere different.
He will wake up and the woman and new man will be gone. He will be left wondering what happened.
It was all a dream
