Someone is going to get hurt physically.
I think the woman will slap the man that just got out of the car
The woman will slap the man in the face.
The man that pulled up in the car and the woman are going to fight.
She will slap that men who came in a car
The woman will continue to argue with the man in the car and start to pummel his chest a bit. The man will then reveal that he has a gun and he'll point it at the woman and man who had nothing to do with the situation.
i think the man in the car will shoot the girl
She will confront the new man and it will lead to a fight.
She will slap him in the face.
he will shoot that lady and ran away.
he will beat that lady and ran away.
The woman will slap the face of the man who came out from the car. And they will fight. While the guy with headphone will ask for money for his broken phone.
The women will start screaming at the man sitting on his car while the man who was waiting at the bus stop will stand there and say nothing.
THe women will slap the man who got out of the car.
Not really sure, since there's no information about either person at this point or what the deal is, and nothing leading me into it.
I think the woman will start screaming at the man who got out of the car.
during a confrontation, the man who drove the car will shoot the man with the broken phone.
The woman will slap the man that got out of the car
I think the lady will hit the guy in the white shirt in his face.
shes going to throw the rock at him
The woman will start a fight with the man
The man will shoot the woman and the guy with the broken phone.
The lady will slap the guy who arrived in the car. They will talk about issues important to them.
The woman will attack the man who just got out of the car.
The man from the bus stop will keeping trying to ask for money.
The woman confronts the man
The woman will yell at the man who just got out of the car.
The 1st man will watch the confrontation.
she will attack the guy
shes going to slap the other guy who just came in
I think she will go over to the man and get violent, the other man will still be asking about his phone.
She will approach the man at the car and slap him or physically attack him
The woman and the second man start arguing while the other guy just stands there
They'll do definitely have a conversation with the guy who stepped down from his car.
