The woman will attack the man in the car.
she shouts at him.
The woman continues to ignore the man that is asking for money for his phone, and she begins screaming at him that she will go to the police.
The man in the car tries to hit the women
The man in the car tries to hit the man at the bus stop
The women gets in the car with the man
The women starts beating on the car the man is in
The man is going to continue asking for payment of the phone, the women is going to confront the man in the car.
I think the woman will get ran over.
The car hits her.
The guy will get out of the car and ask who the guy with the headphones is and what he is doing with the girl.
The guy is gonna get killed.
I think the man driving the car is going to get into an argument with the woman who was on the phone.
the woman will walk to the car, something bad will happen, or it will be the opposite and we'll be surprised
the man driving in the car is going to stop at the phone booth at where the woman was stopped and talking. He is going to be confronted by her. Meanwhile the other man waiting for the bus is going to continue asking for money for the broken phone
The man waiting for the bus will follow the woman while continuing to ask for compensation for her breaking the phone. The man in the car will attempt to hit the woman with his car.
The woman will be hit by the car she is walking towards to.
The man will get out of the car and yell at the woman
The lady getting angry
She will keep ignoring him and walk towards the car.
The woman and the man in the car are going to fight.
The car starts moving and hits the girl, The guy runs away
People are Fighting
The woman will approach the car with a man inside. The first man will continue to ask for money for his broken phone.
I predict that the man in the red shirt will be dragged into an altercation with the man who just arrived in the car.
I think that the car may try to run over the woman and almost hit the guy with the headphones as well.
I think the woman may try to jump on the car with anger.
The guy who let her borrow the phone is going to get run over by the man who pulled up in a car.
They will interact with the guy
The woman is run over by the man in the car.
The woman ignores the bus stop man and gets in the car with the driver and rides away.
It turns out to be a drug dealer and the woman is buying her daily fix.
It turns out to be a custody exchange.
i think there is a setup
i think the phone was broken by the lady to cut links to the guy
I think the woman is going to confront the man in the car.
I think the woman will not be paying the young man his $60 for breaking his phone.
Woman keeps ignoring man that lost his phone and goes to man in car and starts screaming at him. Maybe a gun is drawn at some point.
She will get run over by the man in the car.
The man in the car will try to run the woman over but hit the man with headphones instead.
The man in the car will exit when she gets closer and shoot the woman and then drive off.
She will continue to ignore the man with headphones and get in the car and drive off.
The woman's daughter who she has beet trying to get back will run from the car into the woman's arms.
