I can only assume he's going to go find the other dog now.
The cops are going to show up
The crazy dog guy will go find another dog.
The man, acting as a dog, will find a dead body in the trunk of the car.
The man is going to look inside the trunk, There will be a female girl there barking like a dog.
The man will continue to crawl and act like a dog.
The man on all fours will crawl/walk to another dog. They will sniff each other's butts.
The man is going to go find out what is making the noises in the car.
I think the guy will find the other barking dog and try to mount it.
While the man at the bus stop is hypnotized he will see whats in the back of the trunk making the noise.
he will go fight some dogs
i think the man will miss the bus now.
The guy will continue barking like dog.
the man continues to run around and bark like a dog
the young man that is now a dog will go to the trunk of the car
the police wil come.
I think the man will encounter another dog in the car.
I think we will be shown what's in the car by the man sniffing it out like a dog.
The other person who was supposedly turned into a dog is going to meet this guy and they'll both end up in a mental hospital together
I think the movie is going to fade to black.
The man is going to find the baby in the car
The boy who now thinks he is a dog will rescue the real dog.
The man will follow the sound of the barking and someone will come along and find the two dead bodies.
The man who thinks that he is a dog will find the baby.
Somebody will drive back around and get out of the car that the lady originally arrived in and will pick up the bodies and the 'dog'..
the man continues to act like he is a dog and get into the boot of the car
He'll find something in the car
The man with the broken phone crawls away into the distance like a dog.
The man with the broken phone finds another "dog person" in the back of the car.
the guy from the bus stop, who has been transformed into he item in the coffin, goes to find the dog barking and people see him acting strangely and run away
He will get accused of murder.
He will meet another dog
