It is a dog they have, and the guy as saying a spell, to make it attack. The dog jumps out of the trunk and bites the man.
The monologue continues and something crazy happens
The tall guy continues to talk.
The ice cream falls melted and the man passes out ans the animal jumps out of the car and eats the ice cream. The couple act like it's all normal.
The magician and the bus stop guy are going to switch bodies.
The guy will forget what happened and go back to the bus stop, while the girl is put in the trunk.
The boy will pass out.
A zombie will get out of the trunk,
The man is going to kidnap the boy.
I think that the women is going to open the trunk and there will be a child inside.
I think the vampire might bite the man.
The woman will find something dead in the trunk of the car
I think the woman will discover she's shot her dog
I think the lady will take off in the car.
The girl finds an injured animal in the trunk.
The girl finds another human in the trunk.
The girl finds a heat exhausted animal in the trunk.
Something is going to happen to the bystander and we are going to see what's in the trunk
The man will be hypnotized by the man.
The woman will show what's in the trunk and shoot the man.
The bus stop man is hypothesized and does whatever the magician says.
The woman finds her dog is different than before
The bus comes and the man gets on the bus because he had been daydreaming and his ice cream has melted.
She sees a wounded pet or human in the trunk of the car.
I think the man will become under a spell.
he gets hypnotized to forget
I think the guy will pass out.
"Bob" puts some kind of curse/spell on the young man and turns him into an animal.
The mysterious voice keeps talking.
The man is going to become possessed.
I think chekov's ice cream will finally come into play but I have no idea how.
The woman retrieves a dog from the car.
The man performs magic on the man with the headphones.
The sweaty guy is going to fall down.
They guy will fall off to the ground and the girl will discover her friend bleeding in the car.
I think a body (maybe the person the woman is asking about when she says "where is she") will be in the trunk.
magician hynpotizes the guy and orders him to kill the woman. The woman tries to shoot the magician.
the woman finds a dead dog
The man in the pink shirt will fall under the hypnosis of the magician.
