The magician is dead and the man in red will stay acting like a dog. He will become the dog that is in the trunk.
the man disappears.
The woman fires more warning shots at the magician while the boy recovers from his trance state.
The magician disappears
The women shoots the magician
The man on the ground gets up and is the magician
The magician continues the trick and makes the man turn into the lost women
the man on the ground does not get up because the bullet the women shoots bounces of and hits him
The man will continue in the trance and the women will flee the scene.
I think the woman will continue shooting the man dead.
They run from her.
She woman will point the gun at the other guy and he will beg her to let him go.
Shes gona save the kid i guess.
I think the woman is going to get into the car and drive away.
the woman discovered her worst fear in the truck, shooting the magic man, and we'll discover the bus stop guy had something to do with it
the woman shot the magician . the man waiting for the bus dropped his ice cream. the woman is going to ask him to search the magician for a key to the car
The hypnotized man will act like the woman's dog. The magician and the woman will realize what happened and she will take the hypnotized man home.
The man in earphones will find a way to run
The magician was shot and killed
The lady shoot old man
She will tell the main character to get up and get in the car with her.
The woman is going to continue shooting them
The magician is shot by the woman and then she points the gun at the boy while screaming at the magician.
The woman shoots at the man but misses, he takes the gun from her.
She Was died
Assistant attempts to kill the magician.
I predict that the woman will try to help the man in the red shirt who was just hypnotized.
I think that the woman misses the shot to scare the man.
The woman shot the magician or shot what was in his hand.
the woman will shoot the magician
i think he turned the guy into an animal like
I think the woman shot the magician but he's not dead, just wounded.
Man who is being shot runs away and other man is now a dog and continues to lick up ice cream.
The man with headphones wasn't hypnotised/ knocked out correctly. The woman found her daughter/ dog all banged up and kills the magician.
