The man in red will become hypnotized.
he kills the guy
The man continues doing some strange trick where it seems like he's hypnotizing the other man, and the other man might end up doing something after he is hypnotized.
The man passes out
The women opens the trunk to find her friend
The magician makes the car disappear along with the women
The women shoots the magician
The man is put into a trance
I think the guy in the red shirt will go into a trance of some sort.
I think the boy will faint.
The main guy faints.
The guy with the headphones will faint and he other guy will pick him up and put him in the car.
Kids gonna die.
I think that the guy who was waiting at the bus stop is going to wake up, thinking it was all a dream, only to have it really happen in front of him before the movie ends.
the magic man's words will transform the bus stop guy into something unimaginable.
the woman is going to try to shoot the trunk to open it to get the baby girl. The magician will hypnotize the man waiting for the bus and use him against the woman
The magician will continue to attempt to hypnotize the man waiting for the bus while the woman gets her dog out of the trunk. The woman will interrupt the magician and mess up the hypnotizing.
The owner of the phone will fall down.
A demon will come out of that box
The lady shooting the gun
The main character will be put under some kind fo spell and be hypnotized
The man is going to go into a trance from the magic spell
The boy gets dizzy and passes out while the girl finds someone in the trunk.
He is Very angry then she killed them
Phone guy is hypnotized. To what end, I am unsure.
I predict that the woman will try to stop the magician from casting his spell on the man in the red shirt.
I think the man with the headphones will faint because he's too hot.
I think that the magician will shoot at the woman.
The guy who was waiting for the bus is going to die at some point here, maybe by the "spell" cast by the magician.
He will cast a spell on the bus stop patron
i think the older man is bad guy
I think the woman's child is in the car's trunk.
I think that there will be something wrong with the child in the trunk.
Skeleton turns into a bird and flies away. Woman gets in car and tries to hit man who is cheating on her.
The man with headphones will go into a trance and forget everything (Hypnotised). The woman will break open the trunk to find her daughter or a dog. Couldn't quite hear if that was a dog whimpering or a little girl crying.
