The man is going to do a magic trick
the man will do a magic trick for the bystander
He pulls something out and does a magic trick for the bus stop guy.
The magician is going to show him a magic trick from his act.
The woman is going to find her daughter in the back seat of the car.
trying to calm him
The guy in suspenders is going to do a magic trick.
He will do a magic trick.
The magician will give the man money for his phone.
the magician shows him something in his pocket
The magician will pull a rabbit out of his pocket.
The magician is going to do a magic trick for the guy in headphones.
The magician is going to show the other man a magic trick.
The magician will make the guy disappear.
The woman will shoot the magician.
The magician will do a cool trick for the other guy.
The magician will kill the other guy.
The magician will make Michael Myers appear, and he will kill the other guy and woman.
He's going to do a magic trick
He will knock the bus stop guy out
The magician is going to kill the man that was waiting for the bus.
He shows he a magic trick and then kills him
The magician tries to distract him by performing a trick while the women get the baby out of the car
The man is going to try and distract the man with the ice cream from whatever the woman is trying to do.
The guy is going to blow up the vechile that the girl is running to.
I think the tall man will not be able to let this other man get away after seeing what he saw. He will perform a magic trick and ultimately kill him so he does not say anything about what he saw.
The man from the car does a magic trick for the guy in the red shirt.
I think woman going to shoot that man
The man will show the guy a magic trick and the woman will try to open the trunk of the car.
He'll get the money for his phone.
The man does a magic trick and there is a dog in the car
The man from the car will do a magic trick.
I think that took an unexpected turn. The man will either pull something like the car keys out of his pocket or show the bus stop guy a random trick. The lady will then try to get her (sister?) out of the car, but find it is locked. She then will argue about how the trick went too far.
I think he will do a magic trick for the guy in the red shirt.
The lady will go over to the car and someone will get shot
