The man will lay on the ground continuing to make weird noises.
the man will attack the woman after hurting the bystander
The magician asks him of hr is ok and bends over to help him.
We will see whatever the woman saw in the trunk of the car.
he knocked him out
The kid on the ground tries to get up but doesn't remember what happened.
The man will have a heat stroke.
The woman will yell at the magician.
the guys dies
The man will wake up as part of a magic show.
The man in headphones is going to go into convulsions.
The man on the ground is going to now become a dog.
Wow. Um, the woman will kill the magician.
The magician will kill the dog/man.
It will be revealed that there's a dead body in the trunk of the car.
The woman will make the magician disappear.
The woman will shoot the magician.
They will leave him in the street
She will find the other girl in the trunk
The man is going to wake up lost and confused
The man from the bus is tranced into being a animal and is framed for the kidnapping of the baby
The man is going to die on the concrete and neither the other man nor the woman will try and help him at all. That is the feeling I got from this last scene.
I feel the girl will end up shooting the guy.
I think the woman will be very bothered by what just happened as well as what this tall man did to the girl shes looking for. She will kill the tall man.
The magician walks towards the car.
I am not sure
The magician will help the man up and will direct him about what to do, under his control.
He will get left in the street.
The woman comes back up to the pair confronting the man about what she found in the trunk of the car
The man on the floor will start acting like an animal.
Wow. I think the man will now go over to the car while the lady frantically gets her friend out of the back. Something will be wrong with her friend like she is tied to some kind of sinister magic trick.
The scene will shift to what the bus stop guy is licking in his hypnotic state, which will be ice cream
I think the man will take the bus stop guys body or do something with it so that he can use it for a spell/trick
I think that they will take the man in the red shirt somewhere and hold him captive.
The man on the floor will pass out
