I think an alligator will eat one of the wildebeasts
It turns out to be a crocodile.
The alligator will raise it's head.
An alligator is going to jump up and knock the animal off.
The alligator will eat the animal on its back
An alligator will ask the buffalo to stop standing on it.
I think the crocodile will wake up now that the animal has jumped on its back
I think the buffalo will fall in the water
I think it is really an alligator and that the bull will be attacked by the alligator while the other bull watches.
an alligator will attack the steer standing on top of it
The main character is going to have to admit it's just a log, rather than the gator he keeps trying to say it is.
It is an alligator and it will snap at the cow and bite it.
The one standing on the "log" will get eaten as it is a croc.
The cattle is standing on a log, as it predicting, but an alligator will swim by and eat the both of them.
The other buffalo will go into the water as well.
The other animal will also walk into the water and try to stand on the log
The animal on the log will sink
The "log" moves and is really an alligator
The moose getting eaten.
The crocodile will react to the animal standing on it and will eat it.
the bull will fall into the water
The gator will eat the wildebeest, and the other wildebeest will think gator.
They are going to continue to investigate the object in the water.
The object and the animal will start to sink into the water.
the bison that climbed on the croc will get eaten
The animal is going to float away on the log.
The aligator is going to carry the animal away and eat it..
I think an alligator, that I failed to notice before, is about to jump up and eat one of these buffalo while he pushes his luck.
The buffalo will float across the water on the log.
I think that the alligator will eat the animal.
it was looks like a wood so nothing gonna happen
I think they are going to get pulled into the water
The oxen on the log will jump up and down.
An alligator will come from another area.
I think the animal will start jumping on the crocodile.
The object in the water will be an alligator and will fling the moose off its back.
I think that the alligator is going to eat him.
The alligator is going to peak its head out of the water with a funny expression.
I think it will turn out to be an alligator and it will toss the animal back on the shore.
I think they will continue to cross the river.
The other one will begin to cross the river.
The crocodile will grab the Yak that thinks the croc is a log.
Gator gonna eat em.
I believe the alligator will wake up and startle the other animals.
I still think the object is going to come alive and eat the wildebeast that is standing on top of it.
The object is really a log and joke is on the wildebeast as another animal emerges from the water to consume him.
The buffallos will cross the log to get across the river.
I think the crocodile will push the buffalo off.
The cows are trying to figure out if it is a log or an alligator. I think the cow is going to get eaten.
A different animal than an alligator will rise from the water.
I think the animal the climbed on top of the object is going to get thrown off and dumped into the water.
I think the object will become an alligator and become violent.
the animal falls in the water
I am still gonna say an alligator/crocodile about to bite one of those cute critters.
i think one of the bulls will get eaten by the alligator
My prediction is that an alligator is still going to attack the wildebeest.
The other brown animal will also jump on the object in the water.
The other animal will jump on the 'log' as well, only to discover that it is an alligator, which will eat them.
I think the alligator will eat the other animal.
I think the cow will be eaten by the aligator.
A wildebeest will be eaten by an alligator
The cow will find out whether or not it is just a log or an alligator.
I think the second animal will say its a log
I think the animal on the alligator will get eaten
okay, now the object in the water will reveal itself.
I predict that an alligator will start carrying away the oxen that leaped on its back
The cow will jump up and down on the object.
I think that an alligator head will pop up out of the water and scare the animal.
The object in the water turns out to be a crocodile and the animal gets eaten by the croc.
I think that the alligator will finally start moving after hes on top of him.
the aligator will pop up and eat them
I think the alligator will swim away with the buffalo.
I think the log will float away with the buffalo.
I think Michael Jackson will pop out of the water.
I think Jesus will appear, walking on the water.
I think the alligator will eat the buffalo.
i think they the other one will get on it with him
Other one will join him on the alligator.
there will be a crocodile in that river and it will eat that bull
I think that the log will be an alligator and eat the ox.
The alligator will wake up and tip the moose into the water.
The log will roll and the moose will fall in the water.
I think the animal is going to get attacked by an alligator
The crocodile will eat the buffalo
I think the animal on top of the log/alligator will fall off into the water.
I think the alligator will roll over and therefore knock the animal off its back.
The crocodile will eat the bull.
It will be revealed whether it is a log, a crocodile, or a completely different thing.
I think it could in fact be a log.
I think the "log" could wake up and the cow on the shore will run.
I think the made a mistake and will become dinner.
I think the animals will fall into the water
The log will end up being a crocodile that snaps at the animals.
an alligator will make the cow fall into the water.
The alligator will wake up.
The bull will float across the river.
The crocodile will pop its head out.
A crocodile from somewhere else will come out the water while the animal is standing on the log.
It turns out to be a alligator after all and the Ox gets eaten.
It turns out that its was a log and the Ox Ride the long to the other side of the river.
After the cow has stepped on the alligator thinking its a log,there will be an attack.
The alligator will make some movements and the animal will try to escape from the water.
The alligator will rise up out of the water and eat the animal on its back
The alligator will open it's mouth.
The animals will confirm whether the item is a log or alligator
The alligator is going to jump out of the water
The alligator is going to eat the animal
The thing the animal is standing on will turn out to be an alligator
The buffalo on top of the thing will get eaten.
The alligator will eat the wildebeest
The wildebeest will jump safely to the land before the alligator eats him
Cow jumped in to the water
I think the alligator will raise up out of the water with him on his back.
That the alligator will throw the ox off of it back and try to eat it.
I think that the crocodile will end up eating the one poking it with a stick.
I believe that both of them will fall into the water for messing with the crocodile.
I think the cows will drown in the water.
The buffalo will be eaten by the crocodile
The alligator will eat the yak
I think the crocodile is going to eat the animal.
the alligator eats the bull.
The alligator will eat the animal
The animal will see that it is a alligator and jump back on bank
The animal will give up and agree with the other that this is a log.
I think the alligator that looks like a rock is going to attack the one standing on him currently.
The bull will be drowned in the river
Crocodile wake up
I think that the one animal that climbed on the unknown object will be eaten by a crocodile.
I think maybe a crocodile will be attracted to the animal jumping on what will turn out to be a log and surprise them.
The animal will fall into the water and it will turn out the unknown object is something else entirely.
I think it might simply turn out to be a log after all, and the animal who thought it wasn't will get mad.
That alligator is going to come up and snap
The other bull will follow the first one who jumped on what I think is a log.
I also think that they will prove it is a log and then they will both jump back to the edge of the water where they both were.
I think that an alligator will flip over and eat the water buffalo.
the cow is on an alligator and the alligator will eat it suddenly
I think the other animal will jump.
An alligator will pop up and attack.
The one bull who is sitting on the unknown thing (log/alligator) will fall into the water without proving its an alligator.
He will get eaten by the crocodile
The water buffalo will discover what is floating in the water.
a gator will appear
The log might not be a log and instead be a crocodile.
The animal will start to float away on the item without finding out what it is.
The object is actually an alligator.
the alligator will eat that bull
The animals will enter the water.
The animal on the lump's back gets eaten.
It will be crocodile
The yak is going to fly away somehow.
I predict the crocodile will eat the character that jumped on it, or the log will sink.
The other buffalo will also jump on the wood/crocodile thinking it is safe to do so just as the first buffalo did.
The alligator will come up from the water.
I think the gator will eat the bison.
The object in the water will flip over.
It'll eat or try to eat the one that got on it's back. That, or it really is a log.
The alligator will start moving with the antelope on top of it
I think one of the characters will end up provoking a crocodile.
I think the object will turn out to be a crocodile and eat the oxen
I think that the animals will discover that it's a floating log.
I predict that what is assumed to be a log will end up being a crocodile.
I think that the object floating in the water will move really fast with the animal on it.
I think an alligator will pop up out of the water, but not where the wildebeest is standing.
The log will be an alligator and start swimming away.
An alligator mouth will appear out of the water.
The object will roll over showing it's a log.
It is a crocodile and is going to come out of the water.
A cow will get eaten by a crocodile.
The alligator will rise up out of the water.
The oxen who jumped on the crockodile will get eaten
It will turn out to be an alligator.
I think what the buffalo is standing on will turn out to be a log and then a crocodile will appear
I think that it will be an alligator and he will peak his head out of the water.
the crocodile will attack the buffalo out the river and make the other fall in the river
I think that the moose might get eaten or pulled into the water.
I still think that whatever is in the water will attack.
I think that the animal will jump on the object in the water and the object will roll over in the water sending the other animal in the water as well.
A gator will roll over.
the aligator starts to swim away with the cattle on its back
it is a log and the cattle falls into the water
the animals would keep attempting to figure things out
THE CROCODILE WILL ATTACK THE BUFFALO
I think the crocodile will wake up and eat it.
The log would turn out to be crocodile
The second cow would also jump into the river
The crocodile would eat up the cow
The buffalo is going to roll over the log and fall into the water
i think what is in the water is going to raise its head
The crocodile will emerge from the water
I think the crocodile will jump out at them and the animal will fall into the water.
The other animal will jump onto the log/crocodile to see what it is.
I think the second animal will follow into the water
I think the animal will jump up and down on the item to try and discover if it is an aligator or a log
The object or animal, in the water will start to rise up with the cow on its back and lunge at the other cows
The thing will eat the bison that it standing on it, and the other bison will change its mind and say its a crocodile
They will decide it is safe and cross.
The crocodile raises its head and the moose becomes scared
The second animal behind will do the same..
It turns out to be a log
The alligator will rise the cow will jump back and both will run away.
The crocodile eats the wildebeest
The log floats away
The wildebeest jumps up and down on the crocoldile/log
The wildebeest continue to argue.
The item in the river will turn out to be a log and float away! The bull will be too scared to get off incase there are crocs
The crocodile will throw the bull into the water.
The crocodile will eat the bull.
The bull will fall into the water.
The crocodile will emerge from the water.
i think its a dead crocodile
The crocodile starts to poke its head up
I think it is also possible that the other buffalo is correct and it is just a log in the water and not a crocodile.
I think the crocodile is pretending to be a log to trick the buffalos.
Other animal on shore will make a statement that alluding to the fact his buddy was correct, it was an alligator and not a log, and then walk away alone.
Alligator will grab animal on top of him.
The alligator will move and freak out
The alligator will be annoyed
I think it will be a crocodile/ alligator. The animal that jumped on top of the floating object will now surely be eaten.
The animal will start to float away.
