The guy is going to find the other dog
I think the person will escape from the trunk
The man with headphones will continue to act like a dog since the magician is now dead
The bus stop kid will live as a dog.
The man with the headphones is going to see a dog.
the main character will gonna find her's friend
The man, who thinks he's a dog, will approach the car and find what is in the trunk. It'll snap him out of his trance and then he'll get hit by a car.
i think the boy on the ground will meet the real dog and become friends
i think the boy will get ran over
The man acting like a dog will go find the body in the trunk.
He will go play with some dogs.
the cops will come over there and arrest that person for killing two people.
The guy cant turn back on his real life. So he ran away to find a way to get back
The magician and the women die and the man acts like a dog forever.
The women is still alive and begs the man acting likea dog to save the child in the car.
I suppose he lives his life as a dog now.
I think the man will remain a dog and meet up with a pack of dogs.
the police will show up, and be completely confused about the situation.
The man in the red shirt will chase after another dog
I think the guy in the red will craw away behaving like a dog.
the guy that thinks hes a dog will keep walking on all 4s until he reaches the car
He will find another "dog person" in the car
The movie will end and the poor man will continue tob think that he is a dog.
The bus stop guy, now thinking himself a dog, will chase the bus which will finally arrive.
The bus stop guy, now thinking himself a dog, will get run over by the arriving bus.
The man will crawl away past the bus stop toward the barking dog.
The bus will show up.
The scene will end with things as they are
The man acting like a dog will encounter the female in the car.
A dog will appear.
There will be some sort of twist with the female in the car.
the guy will kep barking
the guy turned into a barbing dog will run away
The man will go and look in the boot of the car and find a baby, who he will look after.
The man will crawl to the car trunk like a dog and find a dead dog in the trunk
The pink shirted guy will find the woman's dog in the car's trunk
The guy will reach where the car is to see what's inside.
