I think the second animal that talks will go into the water.
The cows try to cross
The moose will keep guessing whats in the water.
They will take a step into the water to find out whats in it.
I think the buffalo will try and touch the item to see what it is.
I think the animals will suggest some other alternatives for what the item it.
The alligator will look up at the other animals
An Alligator will pop out and eat one of the buffalo.
I think the crocodile will pop out of the water.
I think the animals will discover that it is in fact a log and not a crocodile
I think that it really is an alligator, and that the bulls will be attacked.
an alligator will attack the steer
I think the two main characters will just go back and forth in their assumptions of what it is.
One of the cows will take a step on to the log.
They will continue arguing.
An alligator will pop out of the water and eat both of the cattle.
One of the Buffalo's will go into the water.
one of the animals will step into the water.
one animal will back away
an alligator comes out of the water and tried to bite
nothing happens
The moose will convine the other moose he is right.
The buffalo will take a drink of water and the waiting crocodile will attack them.
The bulls will drink water.
A bird will land on the gator
I think they will continue to talk.
The object in the water is going to start to move, and the animals will be able to see what it is.
one of the bison will be stupid enough to test whether that is a croc
The aligator is going to pop up and bite one of the animals.
The log will float away with the current of the water
I guess they're going to try and cross the water.
I think they might try and use a log to cross to the small island.
I think it's an alligator in the water and he's going to jump up at the buffalo.
I think the yaks will continue to consider what is in the water.
it's a crocodile and it will gonna eat that animal
an animal is going to stick it's head out of the water
One of the oxen will check to see if it's a log or an alligator.
Another animal will come by and hop on the log.
I think the animals will keep arguing whether it's a log or crocodile.
The moose will throw a rock at the object to see if anything happens.
I think that it will be an alligator.
One of the sheep is going to poke what is sticking out of the water.
I think one of the animals will try to step on the object.
I think an alligator will pop its head up and confirm what it is.
I think they will try and walk across and get eaten.
I think they will turn around and not cross.
They will cross the river.
A crocodile will come out of the water and grab a Yak.
A gator will eat one of them.
I believe the animals will investigate farther,
I think the object in the water is really an alligator/crocodile and it's going to grab one of the wildebeasts for lunch.
The buffallo will walk on the log to cross the river.
I think that a crocodile will pounce out of the water and try and bite the buffalo.
I think the cows are going to figure out how to get on the little island.
An alligator will rise from the water.
I think the object from the water will rise out and show the animals what it is (I personally think it's an alligator).
I think the object in the water will move and reveal itself as an alligator.
THE ANIMAL SAYS ITS A LOG AGAIN
I think an alligator will pop up (maybe a crocodile?) and bite at one of the critters.
one bull pushes the other in the water
I think an alligator is going to pop up out of the water.
One of the animals will try to see if the object in the water is an alligator or a log by using their feet.
They will try to hop on the 'log', only to discover it is an alligator.
I think an alligator will come out of the water.
I think the cow will tap on the thing in the water.
A wildebeest will be eaten by an alligator
I think that the cows will continue to argue about whether it's a log or an alligator.
I think the animal on the right will ask the animal on the left if he's sure
I think the alligator will eat one of the animals.
the item in the water will reveal what it truly is
An aligator will come out of the water and head toward the hill on which the oxen are standing
The first cow will try to nudge the object in the water, to see if it is a log or a gator.
I think that an alligator will pop up out of the water.
The two animals will continue to argue back in forth whether the object in the water is a log or a crocodile.
I think that the alligator will pop out of the lake, and surprise them its not a log.
the aligator will attack the bison
I think an alligator will eat one of the buffalo.
I think it will be a log.
I think the buffalo will run away.
I think the log will eat one of the buffalo.
I think the buffalo will start singing.
i think they will get in the water to see what it is
The cows will jump in.
the crocodile will eat that bull
the bull may have clear idea about that there was a crocodile in that river and ran away.
one of those bull will die and another one will escape.
I think that the alligator will an ox.
The moose will walk in the water.
I think they'll walk over to the alligator and see that it's dangerous
There is a crocodile in the stone
I think the alligator will pop its head up and scare the animals.
I think the alligator will try to bite one of the animals.
The bulls will enter the river.
I think they'll just keep fighting about it.
I think one of the cows will take a drink.
I think the animals will figure out a way to get around the alligator
The log will end up being a crocodile that snaps at the animals.
I think an alligator will come out of the water.
The bull with drink water
A crocodile will pop out of the water.
The Ox is going to test who is right by jumping on the object
THe other Ox is going to push the other Ox to see if he is correct thinking that it is an alligator
The cows will start drinking water and an alligator will attack one animal.
An alligator will eat one of the animals
They will continue to argue over the object.
The bulls will begin to walk down the small hill
It will be an alligator and it will startle the water buffalo
The animals will go find some wood
The buffalo will keep arguing until a crocodile jumps out of the water.
The thing in the water will be a log and drift down the river.
I think one of the wildebeest will try and walk on the alligator and be eaten
I think that the wildebeest will poke it with a stick
Cow watching the water
I think the alligator will jump out of the water and scare them.
I believe the animal will raise up out of the water and try to eat them
That one of the oxen will try to move it to see if it is a log
I believe that it will end up most likely drowning here.
I think a shark will pop out of the water.
The buffalo will enter the water.
The buffalo will not enter the water.
They will try to see if it's an alligator or piece of wood
I think a crocodile is going to appear above the water.
they keep guessing what they think is in the water.
The animal will step into the water and be eaten
Something silly is going to pop off from the water and scare the animals.
I think they will try to cross the river.
A cocodrile will jump out of the water.
I think this is Crocodile
I think the crocodile or log will come out of the water and attack the two animals.
I think the two animals will approach the unknown object to provoke it to find out what it is, and it will be a crocodile.
The two animals will approach to see what the unknown object is, and it will turn out to be something totally different than either a crocodile or a log.
One of the bulls will poke it with his foot to try to determine what it is
I think that one of the two bulls will jump into the water and the other will follow, unwillingly.
I believe a hippopotamus will rise up from the water.
i think one of them will go into the water and the other will wait to see what happens
I think an alligator will come out of the water.
The alligator will quickly jump towards the animals.
The figure in the water will emerge and surprise both characters.
One of the animals will try to find what it is
The water buffalo will discover what is in the water.
cows will step on object
They will keep guessing what exactly they are looking at in the water.
One of the animals will go in the water to find out what the object is.
The buffalo keep on guessing what the object is.
there will be a alligator in that river
The animals will choose not to go in the water and turn back.
The animal that thought the thing in the water was a log gets eaten.
I think the two animals arguing about getting into water
It's not going to turn out to be a gator or a log.
I predict the characters will test if the object is a log or a crocodile.
The buffalo will decide to go into the water believing that it is a log of wood not an alligator or crocodile.
The animals will venture into the water.
I think the log will move.
I think the log will remain still.
The object in the water will reveal itself to be a crocodile
The object in the water will reveal itself to be a log
They will continue to argue if it's a crocodile or a log, and then it'll try to eat one of them
The animal will see a alligator
A crocodile will pop out of the water.
One of the characters was right and it was a log and not a crocodile.
I think the two oxen will continue to argue over what that object is, then one will step on it to try it out.
I think a crocodile will attack the animals.
I predict that the animals will try to test the water to see if the object is a log or crocodile.
I think that something will jump out of the water and scare the animals.
I think one of the animals may fall into the water.
I think the wildebeests will poke the thing in the water to see what it is.
I think an alligator will pop up out of the water.
I think one of the bulls will step on what they think may be a log.
One of the ox will try to touch the object in the water.
The cow will step on the log
A cow will try to poke the object.
The oxen will try to step on the alligator.
The alligator will come out of the water.
One of the oxen is going to get eaten by the crockodile.
An alligator will pop out of the water.
I think a crocodile will jump out of the water and grab one of the water buffalo
I think the supposed crocodile will turn out to be a log, but then a real crocodile will appear
I think that an animal will come up from the hole and startle them.
the cows/buffalos will want to clear their doubt by trying to know if what is in the river is crocodile or a log of tree
the crocodile will attack the buffalos
the buffalos will leave the scene
I think that whatever is in the water will attack.
I think the crocodile will pop up out of the water and open and close it's mouth scaring the other animals.
A gator will pop up.
possibly the cattle go into the water and it moves, they get a fright but it turns out to be a log/rock?
an aligator snaps at them and they run away
the animals would drink from the river and get attacked
THE BUFFALO IS ABOUT TO DROP THE WOOD
THE ANIMAL WANT TO JUMP INTO THE WATER
I think that they will keep arguing about it and a crocodile will eat them.
The cows would try to drink from the river
The cows would try to cross the river
A crocodile is going to pop out and bite the buffalo.
they are thinking of what is in the river i think it crocodile that's in the water
The crocodile will pop his head out of the water so that the stag can see it
I think an crocodile will jump out and scare them.
I think they will try to jump into the water and be frightened by what they find in the water.
I think the animals will attempt to step into the lake
The item in the water is an alligator and it will pop it's head out of the water
I think it is a different creature, other than a crocodile, and it will jump out of the water surprising the sheep.
The thing will turn out to be a crocodile and eat one of the bison
The animals will decide not to cross
Whatever is in the water will show itself weather that is a log or a crocadile
The ground will break apart.
The crocodile will appear
Log sinks.
Cows walk away.
Cow tries to step on the log
Alligator surfaces and grabs a cow
Alligator surfaces
The crocodile eats a wildebeest
The log floats away
The two wildebeest continue to argue about what the object is.
i think the bull that wants to use a log will try and find one, leaving the other bull to get even more worried about crocs
The thing in the lake will turn out to be a crocodile.
i think something dangerous is about to happen to the animals looking at the water
a crocodile will jump up out of the water
The cows jump in the water
The cows turn around and walk away
I think a crocodile will race out of the water at the two large buffalo.
Alligator will pop out of water and grab one of the animals.
The bulls will fall in the hole
Something will emerge from the hole
One of the animals will be eaten by the crocodile/ alligator.
It will turn out to be a log but then another animal will jump out and snatch one of the animals. Possibly a lion from behind them.
