The man will try to intimidate the guy with the broken phone.
the man will intimidate the guy from the bus stop
He walks up to the bus stop guy and shoves him hard.
The older guy is going to push the guy with the headphones to make him fall to the ground.
He's going to try to explain himself
the guy in the suspenders give the kid money for the phone
The man will give him money.
The man will threaten the bus stop man.
the guy hurts the first guy
The man in the fancy clothes will hassle the sweaty man with the broken phone.
The man who just pulled up is going to start a fight with the man with the headphones.
The man that just arrived will punch the man with the phone.
The guy in white will kill the other guy.
The woman will get in the car and run over the guy in white.
The guy with the headphones will run away.
The bus will come, and will run over the guy in white.
The guy in white will ask the other guy to leave.
He's going to walk up to the man and search him for a wire.
She's going to tell him the man at the bus stop has a gun!
He's going to ask the man from the bus stop to take a ride with him
The man who was driving the car is going to hit the man who was waiting for the bus.
Then man confront the man from the bus stop and try to get answers from him
The women get in the man cars and start searching to see if someone else is in the car
The man who tried to let her use her phone will be in trouble for something he has no part in.
The two guys will get into a fist fight.
I think this confrontation will get ugly. The tall man will slap the woman and the main man that was waiting for the bus will not get involved rather he will run away.
The man that got out of the car punches the guy with the cell phone.
may be he is going to hit the other man
The woman will run over to the car to look inside and the man will go over to the other man and grab him with intent to harm or intimidate him.
The guy at the bus stop will get beaten up.
The man starts to accuse the guy in the red shirt and gets aggressive
The man in the car will threaten the man with the broken phone.
I think this is going to take a "kill bill" route rather soon.
I think the mystery man will tell the bus stop guy to go away or randomly give him money for the phone. The lady will then get into the car without the bus stop guy and the two will drive off with the lady demanding answers.
I think the bus stop guy will get roped into the predicament and end up getting into the car
I think that the man will punch the guy in the red shirt.
I think the second man will react badly and attack the man with the headphones whilst the lady gets into the car
