She's about to run to the car and reveal this is all over a cat.
She is going to run to the baby in the car
The lady will open the trunk of the car to see a dog.
The lady is going around to the trunk to find the woman she is looking for is locked inside.
The women is going to open the trunk of the car.
The younger man will freak out and run over to the man who was shot. While the woman hops in the car and speeds off.
Sherell will get into the car and drive off.
The lady is going to try and shoot Bob and get away.
I think the lady will go to the car abd pick up the baby
She will go to the car and see what is hiding that is making the noise.
she will run to the car
i think she will shoot the other man.
The man will die.
the woman finds out the person she's looking for is in the car
she runs to the car to get her dog
she discover somehing in the car
The woman will run to the car and find her baby daughter there.
The woman will run to the car and find her pet cat or dog there.
There's a baby or a dog or something in the car and she is going to try to get it and that guy is going to try to stop her and while they are distracted the other guy better run away but I don't think he will because he's exhausted and hot
I think the woman will get shot on her way to the car.
I think the bus stop man will jump on the magician in order to save the assistant.
The lady is going to run to the car to get a baby inside of it
I think the woman will run to the car and grab her dog.
The woman will find her daughter in the trunk.
The woman will run to the car to check on the baby.
The man will threaten to shoot her.
The lady will make the 'bus stop' guy open the trunk of the car and will find a person she is looking for tied up in there. The magician will do a disappearing act.
the woman will try to open the boot to see if the girl is in there
She goes to the car and opens the boot
The woman runs to the car to rescue whoever is making the noises in the car.
The man shoots the woman as she runs to the car.
The man with the broken phone runs away as the other two are distracted with the noises from the car.
the women is going to try and run away and steal Bobs car, leaving bob with the guy from the bus stop held at gun point
The cat/animal will be in the boot of the new mans car.
The boy is going to do something funny to diffuse the situation
