The woman will step to the side and make a phone call.
the woman will use the phone
She gets on his phone and calls someone to help her.
She is going to steal his phone and run back to her car.
she takes him phone
The lady takes off with his phone cause her car is rolling down the road.
She will steal his phone.
The woman will use the phone and return it after she is done.
The woman will run off with the phone.
The woman will get mad while talking on the phone and throw the phone to the ground.
shes dials a number on the phone
The woman will run back to her car with the phone.
She is going to realize that her car is still in gear and rolling away from where she stopped.
I think the woman will take the man's phone and get in her car and leave.
The woman will run off with the man's phone.
The man will pass out from heat exhaustion.
The man will ask the woman out.
The woman's car will explode.
The bus will hit the woman.
She will run off with the phone to chase after her car.
she will make a call and no one will pick up
The woman will walk away with the man's phone.
She takes the phone and drives away with it
She calls for help and gives back the phone to the man
The man will let her use his phone and she will run away with it stealing it. It will end up being tough because he is homeless.
The girl will run away with the man's phone.
I think the man main character will keep his headphones on and avoid talking to this girl because he will see that he is trouble.
The man at the bus stop tells the woman her car is rolling away.
She will make a call
The woman will wake away with the man's phone and he will follow her to get his phone.
The man will follow the woman as she walks away with his phone.
The jeep will roll away.
She runs back to her car that she left rolling
The woman will walk back to her car to make a phone call in private.
I think the lady will walk off scene and take a phone call and proceed to have a heated conversation
I think the lady will take a phone call and then forget her car isn't in park and it will roll away
I think that the woman will run off with the phone.
I think the lady will go back over to her car and leave with the mans phone
