Keith Reynolds will throw the body out of the window.
Keith would try to hide the body
Keith will beat up the lady coming from the 7th floor
Keith throws Patrick's dead body out the window.
Sarah catches Keith with Patrick's dead body.
I think the woman will push the elevator button and she will see that someone was killed.
I think the blue character will exit the elevator and leave the dead body in the elevator.
She will walk the stairs because she has a new years resolution to lose weight.
Keith is going to toss Patricks body out the window.
Ruth will take the elevator to the 4th floor to the nice restroom, but will be shocked at the bloody scene in the elevator.
ruth will call for the elevator and keith will need to hied the body
I think she is going to walk in on the body of Patrick and Keith ends up killing her as well to avoid witnesses.
The elevator will go down for the woman and she will see the body.
green stick lady will up and see what keith has done
green stick lady will be distracted by something that keeps her from going up
green stick lady wont care that patrick is dead
Someone will find out that Patrick is dead.
Keith will try to hide the body of the guy he killed.
Keith is found out to have murdered the guy in the elevator by the lady going to the bathroom
The green lady will find them in the elevator and the blue guy will blame the murder on her.
She is going to see the dead body and call the ambulance
She sees Keith trying to clean up the dead body.
Keith will throw Patrick out of a window.
Keith will throw Patrick out of a window.
Keith will end up getting caught.
I think the other employee will see the blood in the elevator.
Keith Reynolds will get caught for the murder.
Keith Reynolds will try to blame the murder of Patrick on his work crush.
The elevator arrives and she sees the dead body and Keith standing over him
Keith will throw Patrick out the window and the lady will go up to the bathroom
Keith will hide the body somehow
The new woman walks up the stairs.
She walks up the stairs and ends up seeing what Keith has done.
I think Keith will be caught with the dead body in the elevator
She will walk up the stairs to the bathroom and notice what happened in the elevator.
She calls for the elevator and makes a gruesome discovery.
The lady taking the elevator will call the police
The lift will come down and the new woman will find the dead body but Keith will have left the lift to clean his shirt in the bathroom on the 7th floor because he likes that soap dispenser too
The lift is called and the lady sees the dead body with Keith.
The lift is called and the lady sees the dead body. Keith leaves the lift before it is called away.
Keith blocks the lift and the lady has to take the stairs.
The elevator will come down and she will see the dead body and Keith will have to kill her too.
The green man who just got killed may be found out by the woman who wants to go to the toilet.
She will call for the elevator
the elevator will be empty
