I predict keith reynolds will walk into his boss's office to find out if he received a promotion or not.
An ambulance would arrive
Keith would get to his office
Keith will greet everyone in the office
An ambulance will show up because someone jumped from a window.
The human resources manager will become distracted and will not offer a promotion.
The character will exit the elevator and interact with the people in the office on that floor.
I think the character will leave the elevator and sit down at a desk.
An ambulance will come. And Keith will go see what is happening.
He is going to walk in and realize someone else got his promotion.
I predict Keith will walk into his office and be surprised at a congratulations party for his promotion.
keith will walk out and talk to a boss and not get the promotion
I think Keith is going to walk into a fight in the office.
He gets out of the elevator and goes to his desk.
keith will talk to the red and green guys
I think an ambulance will come and find a person on the ground.
Keith starts working on what he is supposed to be doing.
Keith Reynolds will go into a meeting with his boss and get denied his promotion.
It'll be a disaster. And he's not going to get his promotion. And the girl will be a total jerk.
He will walk out of the elevator and talk to those in front of him
The ambulance comes and picks up the man.
Keith will go to his desk and get to work.
I think Keith might get the promotion.
Keith Reynolds will not get the promotion and be blamed for the man falling from the window.
Keith will enter the room and one of the others in the room will leave
The ambulance will come and the man will continue to up in the elevator
the ambulance will show up, and Keith, and the girl will figure out what happened.
Keith stares at himself in the door glass.
Keith goes in to get his promotion.
I think an ambulance will arrive
Keith will sit down with his manager who will offer him the promotion.
An ambulance will arrive for the person that fell off the building. Keith will get to his desk.
He gets denied the promotion
The person falling by the window causes interruption of the interview for promotion
Keith will be accused of pushing the person out of the window by Sarah
Keith Reynolds gets out of the lift and causes some other mishap to happen to someone else.
Keith gets off the elevator and goes into the office to talk with the other co-workers.
Keith will get the promotion, and the girl will like him. The man who fell off the building might die, and keith could be blamed.
I think an ambulance will turn up
I think Keith will celebrate his promotion
I think it will be an animal that fell
