Cow will test the object to see what it is.
I predict an alligator will pop its head out of the water and surprise the buffalo.
the two animals will argue more and the one on the left will throw a rock and poke the "log" with a stick
The animals will go into the water.
I think both animals would keep looking into the lake
The two characters will realize it is just a log and not a crocodile.
A crocodile is going to come out of the water
I think the bison will toss a rock at the crocodile and poke it with a stick.
COW WILL FALL IN WATERT
They will keep arguing about whether it's wood or a crocodile
One of the cows will step on the object in the water.
The cows will seek a third opinion about what the object in the water might be.
a caw jumps on the island
the bull will fall in the water
I think one of the animals will reach out with a hoof and touch whatever is in the water.
I think an alligator will come out the water and bite one of the sheep.
The sheep will walk away to find wood.
I think the bull will try to cross the river by stepping on the object in the water.
One of the animals will test to see what the object is in the water.
other animals will be shown in the movie
there will be more sheep
A crocodile will show up and will eat the buffalo
The cow who thinks it's a log will try to step on it.
The log will turn out to be a crocodile and it'll lunge at the wildebeests.
I think that a crocodile will emerge from the water.
The log turns into an alligator.
The animals will continue arguing over what the thing in the water is.
A wildebeest will cross the river
A wildebeest will be eaten by an alligator
I think one animal will try to convince the other that it's an alligator by throwing stuff at it.
One of the cows will try to get to the object.
I think they will decide it's a crocodile and walk away.
I think they will decide it's a log and take a drink.
I think that it is an alligator in the lake and it is going to eat the wildbeest.
I think the animals will continue to argue back and forth whether it's log or a croc in the water.
The cow will tap on the thing to see if it is an aligator.
I'm guessing the second buffalo will convince the first to enter the water
The crocodile might attack while the two are deliberating on what to do
One of the animals will poke the object with a stick.
I predict the alligator will emerge from the water scaring the cows.
I think the two water buffaloes will continue to argue about whether it's a log or a crocodile that they see
I think an alligator will pop out of the water.
The first ox will throw a rock at the object in the water.
Alligator will pop out of water
I think the cows will try to step on the alligator and the alligator will try and bite the cows.
The bull is going to try splashing water on the mound.
The bull is going to toss dirt on the mound.
The bull is going to try gently stepping on the mound.
Both bulls will continue to argue.
I think an alligator is going to look out of the water.
a crocodile will come out of the water.
The two buffalo will keep arguing about whether it's a log or a crocodile.
cow tries to cross the river.
The cows look at each other
I think that they will find out its an alligator, not a log.
The bison will continue to guess what animal that is
I think the object in the water will reveal itself to be an alligator.
I think they will touch it to see what it is.
one of the animals will touch the thing in the water
Cows will try to drink.
they will test the thing in the water
I think the alligator will pop up and drag one of the other animals to its death.
i think the animal will poke the object again
the animals to poke the 'log'
I think the cows will continue to argue what they think the object on the water is.
i think they will test it out somehow to see what it is
The crocodile will raise up out the water and bite one of the animals that are watching it.
I think the cows will both argue whether it is an alligator or a log for a few seconds, and then the item will stick its head up and demonstrate that it is an alligator.
I think they will find out it is an alligator.
One of the animals will jump into the water.
I think that an alligator will come out of the water.
The cows are going to stay where they are at.
I think they will argue for a minute.
The animal will poke at the thing in the water.
One of the wildebeest will jump on top of the thing in the water.
the animal will throw something at the object in the water
A crocodile will spring out of the water.
One of the buffalo will drink the water and a crocodile will eat him.
The wildebeest are going to try to step on the object in the water.
An alligator will appear
The animals will continue to argue if it is a crocodile or a log
A crocodile will attack the animals next to the water.
Whatever is in the water is going to come out.
One of the animals will step on the thing in the water, to see what it is.
I think they will keep trying to decide if it is a crocodile or a log.
THe buffalo will get snatched.
One animal will jump on the log
One of the animals will take a drink from the river.
The water buffalo is going to get eaten by the alligator.
A bull will get eaten by a crocodile.
Turns out that it was just a log the entire time.
The water buffalo pushes on the log.
They will check if it's a log or crocodile.
It will be a crocodile and it attacks them.
I think the crocodile will show his head.
I think the moose will travel together.
They will poke it and prod it but the alligator will not respond, continuing the argument.
The aligator will pop out of the water.
The thing in the water will reveal itself to be neither of what the moose think it is.
They will see if they can tell what it is.
They poke the object in the water to see what it is and find out that its neither of those things.
The bull will make a move on that thing.
The bulls may left.
The bulls may come up with other guesses.
The bulls may starring at the thing much longer.
The bulls may get into the water.
a crocodile riding a log will appear.
Its neither a gator or a log
It's an alligator.
They will keep arguing about the rock
A crocodile's head will pop up.
I think that one of the animals will try and go into the water.
An alligator will pop up.
I think a fish is going to jump out of the water.
The character in the water is going to communicate with them.
One of the bulls will poke the alligator to see if it's a piece of wood or not.
The buffalo will try to stand on the crocodile.
The crocodile will get out of the lake
An alligator will pop up from the water
The buffalo? I think that is what they are will check if it's a log or alligator
The animals will continue to disagree and then attempt to find out what the log/alligator actually is.
It's a rock.
The animals will continue guessing what is in the water.
I think that an Alligator will pop out and eat the Oxs on the river.
I think the first water buffalo will try to touch the object to prove it is an alligator and not a log.
It will jump on the log
I think an alligator is going to lunge from the water and eat the animals.
The alligator will rise up out of the water and swallow one of the bulls whole
I think the bull will investigate further
I think that's a crocodile in the river which the bull thinks its a log.
The cows will keep discussing if it is a log or alligator
The animal will step on the alligator
The animals will check if the thing in the water is a log or a crocodile by entering the water cautiously.
Something will jump out of the water to scare them.
They will tap it and it will be something mundane.
What I think will happen in the next 30 seconds is a crocodile will make an appearance and will engage with the cows.
The cows will continue to talk.
Something will come up out of the water, probably an alligator.
The animals will go into the water to see what it is.
one of the animals will jump on the object to prove it's a log
The cows will try to cross the stream.
The cows will go up or down stream to find a better place to cross.
The cows will look for a log to push over to the stream to help them cross.
The cows will not cross the water.
The object in the water will become visible.
One of the buffalo will test the water.
A crocodile will pop out of the water.
I feel the two will keep debating each other over what is in the water. I don't think we'll get a resolution to this question just yet.
The alligator will show himself and eat the bison
The wildebeest will make the decision to cross the water.
the wilder beast will be eaten
I think something will come out of the hole in the ground.
they will encounter an animal under the water there.
I think the crocodile will move toward the bulls.
I think the cows will drink water
I think the cows will check what is in the water
The animals will try to swim towards the island.
The cow that thought it was a log will get in the water and be attacked.
The cows are trying to decide if it is safe to go into the water. I think they will attempt to cross.
An alligator will pop up out of water.
The object is actually the back of an alligator
The object is a piece of wood
There will be a creature that will show up
It will not be either of the two things that the buffalo's suggested.
I think the log will turn out to be a crocodile and will snap at the wildebeests.
They will step on to the object and it will be a crocadile which will try to eat them.
The sheep will meet a walrus who will scare them
A tree will fall over giving the sheep adequate safety to walk across to the island
A farmer will come and sell the sheep to a Jamaican takeaway where they will be turned into mutton curry
Both the sheep will die of foot and mouth disease
one of the buffalo gets too confident and gets eaten by the gator in the water
Cow steps on alligator
One of the two will jump on to the crocodile/log
A crocodile will come put of the water and bite the water buffalo
they'll argue whether it's a croc or a log
The floating object will roll over and it will become clear that it is a log.
A crocodile will leap from the water to chase the wildebeest.
A crocodile will leap from the water and eat a wildebeest.
The crocodile will swim away.
I think that the log or crocodile will move and confirm it is a crocodile.
i think it is a crocodile that will eat them
The alligator will start to emerge from the water
I think that a crocodile will come out of the water
The animals will try to drink from the water.
They will use sticks to walk across the river to avoid the crocodiles.
There will be a crocodile under the water who will jump out
The crocodile will pop up and surprise the two animals, who will then run away.
I think that a crocodile will come out of the water and scare the 2 animals.
The alligator will jump out of the water
I think the crocodile may pop up out of the water
The beasts will continuing guessing what it could be before it is revealed to be a crocodile
The crocodile will go out of water
The log will float down the river.
one of the bulls will put their foot in the water to try to see who is right
they will jump on water but they will discover that it was a crocodile and one of them will be eaten
An alligator will pop his head out of the water.
I think one of the animals will try to poke the crocodile to see if it is a crocodile or a log.
maybe one of the bull will tell the other bull to catch up the crocodile.
this is not a log,it is a crocodile.
An alligator/croc will pop up and try to eat one of the horned animals
The horned animals will freak out and try to run away
a crocodile will raise its head.
I think that the object in the water is going to present itself to the animals on the shore.
One of the animals jump onto it and then realise that it is an alligator.
I beleive a crocodile will emerge from the water
I think they will check to see if it's an alligator or a log.
I think they will continue to discuss whether or not it's an alligator or log and continue to disagree.
I think one of them will try and poke the thing in the water, or stand on it!
The crocodile in the water will pop up and possibly eat one of the animals.
I think a crocodile will pop his head up
The alligator that is in the water will pop its head up and the buffalo will know for sure whether it is an alligator or a log
They will continue to argue and then a croc will attack them
I think a crocodile will appear from the water
I think a hippo will appear from the water
A crocodile jumps out of the water.
One of the animals touches the objective with its foot.
The object turns out to be something else entirely.
It is neither log nor crocodile.
