I think Keith will freak out for a bit and throw Patrick out a window.
He will try to run away
I think Keith will try to hide Patrick's body
Keith Reynolds decides to get off on a floor that nobody could see he was in the elevator with the man he killed.
After Keith killed Patrick he decides to throw Patrick on the window so it will look like it was an accident.
Keith will try to make it look like Patrick committed suicide and toss him out the window.
Keith decides to push Patrick out of the window.
He will throw the body out of the window, hoping that it looks like an accident.
Kieth jumps off the building
The other man is thrown off the building
The protagonist brainstorms ways to get rid of the body.
Keith will drag the body and try hide it
Keith Reynolds will throw Patrick at the top of the building.
Keith Reynolds will jump off the building.
he throws the body out of the window
Keith Reynolds quickly leaves the elevator and gets as far away from the crime scene as possible.
A co-worker walks up to the elevator and spots Patrick's bloody body on the floor.
Keith runs out of the elevator screaming for help saying someone attacked both he and Patrick.
Keith will leave the elevator and pretend someone else murdered Patrick.
He is going to throw Patrick Campbell's dead body out of the window! That is when the other guy is going to see it pass by his window and then he will call an ambulance.
Keith will try to hide the body.
Keith will try to hide the body of Patrick in the room.
Keith will have to try and hide Patrick's body as soon as possible.
Keith runs out of the elevator
I think Keith would look for a way to hide Campbell's body
He tries to hide the body.
He will go to the top floor and drop the man off the roof.
He throws the body out the window.
The boss will see the dead body and the ambulance are already on their way
Keith tries to hide patricks body.
Keith tries to clean his shirt
Someone finds Patrick's body
Keith Reynolds will drag Patrick to the window and throw him out, then he will go to the bathroom and wash out the blood on him
He drags the body out of the elevator and across the room
I think that he's going to tell somebody that he died but not tell anybody that he was the one that killed him.
I think that Keith is going to throw him out the window or try to dispose of the body in some way and then try to look like he didn't do anything.
I think that Keith will throw Patrick out of the window.
