Bill will alert the office that someone plummeted past the window.
People will try to find out who fell and why
The human resources man will go see who fell past the window.
Bill will call someone to report that he saw something fall outside the window.
He will check on the window.
Keith will notice the thing falling past the window, too.
The man that saw the man falling goes to try to help the victim.
The man who saw someone fall will rush down stairs to see about the person and attempt to help them.
The cup was thrown out the window.
He got rejected too many by the woman times and jumped
They discover that a coworker has committed suicide by jumping out the window.
I think he will open the window and look out
We will see a shot of the person who fell and everyone panicked and someone will call 911
he will not get a promotion
Keith Reynolds will get the lady a coffee.
Keith Reynolds will see someone or something fall past the window
Bill goes downstairs to see what fell past his window.
He is going to go check out whatever just fell past the window.
They are going to cut back to Keith and talk more about his promotion.
Bill will look down at the ground to see what has fallen.
Bill will look out the window and see someone that has fallen on the ground.
Bill will run down to notify people of the man that's fallen down the building
He looks out of the window
I think the person that fell would probably die
The girl will get in trouble for pouring coffee on a person outside the window unknowingly she made them fall killing them.
Bill will report the employee falling and investigate.
He looks and sees that it was a person that had jumped out of a window.
Bill alerts the boss about what had happened
Keith will go up to the managers office
The HR person will rush downstairs to see who fell
Keith Reynolds will go up a floor and do a presentation
Bill picks up the phone and calls someone else in the building to alert them that someone has fallen out of the window.
Bill is going to run downstairs to see if the person that fell is still alive and then the Main Character Keith is going to continue going on up to get his promotion.
I think that Keith will look out of the window and fall out.
