There will be a person running from someone else.
The movie will start
I think the credits of the movie will be shown during the intro.
A game of tag will occur
An opening montage will be shown that either reveals the premise of the movie, or showcases the character
An opening scene featuring the protagonist of the movie will be shown
I think there will be some additional titles and/or credits after this.
Given the the only portion of the video i was shown included the words "catch me if you can" i cant say much about what i think will happen, although i believe some sort of chase will ensue among characters, or some sort of rivalry
The video will start.
After the title screen, the movie usually starts.
There will be a storm
The movie will start
I have literally no idea. Anything could happen next.
a scene will begin playing
Someone will be very fast and someone else will try to catch them.
A dramatic scene showing the main character will show them doing some every day thing.
The movie "Catch me if you can" will start.
a person will appear running
Two people will be playing tag and one will be trying to catch the other.
I think I will find out what the movie is about.
I think there will be a video of someone being chased.
the movie will start.
someone is going to be running
We are going to see a person running away and constantly looking behind him
We are going to zoom in police officers looking for someone
I think there will be some sort of setup for a chase in the video.
I think the video will be about a thief.
I think the video will show a person running.
I guess there will be a chasing scene.
The movie will start.
The opening credits will begin.
We will see a video began to play
There will be an image or cartoon of someone running
A mouse will be staring at a cat
not sure it just started
A cat will tease a dog and dares to dog to catch it.
I think the beginning credits of the movie will move across the screen
One person will be chasing another person.
Someone will be trying to chase after another person.
the main actor will come on screen
I think after the title screen the video will show some brief credits.
Someone is being chased.
it will have some running from somethings
One character will enter the screen from the left running quickly with a bag of money. Another character will be rushing from behind but will obviously be slower than the first entrant.
I think there will be people talking. (nothing of the video played for me to see...only the title appeared)
the cow will eat it
I think the text will fade out.
Something will appear on the screen.
I think a person will appear.
The screen will fade out to all black.
Names of the cast will appear.
someone will be running away from other people
someone will be hiding.
Two people will be shown chasing after each other.
A man will be running down the street.
A man appears.
I think the character will be chased down the road.
The movie will start
There is going to be more text coming up on the screen with a black backdrop.
The scene will show someone running away.
I think more text will play on the screen.
I think a live action clip will start playing.
The video will start.
An actor in the movie will have their name displayed.
A movie will start, showing someone running from another person, possibly in a game.
the title will dissapear behind the camera
Video cuts to someone running.
There will be a trailer for the move Catch Me If You Can.
There was no video on the screen.
The main character will take a drink.
A character will show up running.
I believe that maybe someone will be running from somebody else but I am not sure at all.
I honestly have no idea. All I can think about is the movie by the same name
The opening scene of a lion chasing some cute animal.
The main character will appear on the screen and the story of the movie will began to take shape.
A person will be running.
Next will appear some extra texts
Music will play as it shows a man running through the scene
A man in dark glasses will be seen in dark lighted room
I'll see Leonardo DiCaprio
The heading will continue with more information and then a movie will start.
The movie will begin with a shot of the main character.
I think the main character(s) are going to be introduced and the premise revealed.
The opening scene will introduce the main character.
I think that this will involve a chase of some sort.
I think that this will be about a ball game.
Someone will chase another person
I think someone will be running away from someone or something.
The titles for the film will appear
I think that the animals will continue to debate on whether or not the object in the water is a log or an alligator.
It will show a clip of something chasing something else if it can.
It will show Leonardo Dicaprio with a beard and he will have handcuffs on.
I think the words, I got you babe will appear onscreen.
I think someone is chasing someone else.
The beginning credits will appear.
We will see more credits before the actual video begins.
there will be a chase between two characters.
It will open up on a scene of a sunny beach
Someone is going to be running from another person.
I would guess the video would start. It did not.
I don't think it will work though.
I will see one the characters running from someone
Someone is going to be chasing someone else.
I think that something will pop out and see if it can be caught.
I feel like it will cut to an opening scene of some sort.
It will show a video of the pink panther??????
It will show a large scrawling city space
the opening credits of that movie start playing.
The movie will start with some opening scene.
Nothing will happen next
More credits will roll.
The sun will rise.
the subtitles will come up next
I think you'll see a scene of a man chasing a women. A metaphor for a man showing interest in a women.
The film will begin and we will see a character on screen
There will be a person running
i think someone will be running on screen
I believe more credits will roll.
I feel like there may be a chase scene to start the video
A rabbit is running from a turtle
I predict there will be a man running from something.
I think there will be a character that is running.
The screen will show animals chasing each other.
There will be other words on the screen
Someone will be running away from someone else that is trying to catch him
will fade to video
The movie will start playing and a guy will be running
One or more characters will appear on the screen.
Two people are going to appear and start playing a game of tag.
A person will be chasing someone else
Someone will be running.
I think the crocodile will pop up again.
Some kind of chase sequence
A man will run.
Someone will be chasing someone else
The main character will come onto the screen
Some one will be running away from another person.
It's going to be a story about two people chasing each other.
The production company will be revealed.
Someone chases another person or thing.
There will be a game of cat and mouse.
I'm going to say that the video will actually begin!
I think its a movie
I think there is going to be a video of someone running like in a parkour video and there will be a first person video with you following along with the person trying to catch the other person.
I also think that there is going to be a sight puzzle or something you are going to have to follow along with your eyes while watching the video and catch the object in your sight.
The title is going to slowly fade to black.
There be a video of some type of chase scene.
I think a character will be shown on the screen.
I think that something really fast will appear on my screen probably.
A couple of unknown characters will appear in a chase.
I think someone will appear running and another person is trying to catch them.
I really don't have a clue!
an over confident animal will fail to evade its attacker
The next thing will be running away from the second person
The intro to the film 'Catch me if you can' with Leonardo DiCaprio will start.
It's a clip from the Steven Spielberg directed movie Catch Me If You Can starring Leonardo Di Caprio?
I predict a music introduction will play with wide shots of a flashy scenary of perhaps a city
A cartoon character will appear and be running fast.
Leonardo will appear from the movie.
We'll see an animation of a fly buzzing around a home landing on food and items of furniture.
A human character will appear holding a fly swat and proceed to chase the fly around the room, frantically trying to swat it, to no avail.
I think a man will be running at full speed through a city.
An introductory sequence with the names of the cast and filmmakers.
Someone will run across the screen.
i think that a character will appear on the screen
All it said was "CATCH ME IF YOU CAN" so I'm really unsure, horror movie of some type.
I think titles for a movie appear.
a film about a runner
I think it will be a video about a criminal running away from the police
I think the video will be off a child running away from its parent
I think the video will be of an animal running away and either a owner , zoo keeper or another animal will chase
there will be 2 people running where one person is chasing the other person and trying to catch him/her
there will be 2 animals and one animal will be chasing the other and trying to catch it.
I think its a crime movie where you have to find the villain
I think that the movie is going to start and pictures are going to appear
We will see two people running.
The video intro will continue.
It will introduce the characters in the movie
Two beings, running, one lagging behind, the front being is taunting the second one.
Someone will try to catch him.
I predict we will see a chase scene, following a character as they run
the main characters will be shown
A guy will rob something.
it will show someone running threw a field
The video will show one person running from another person
The video will show a game of chase between two people
Someone will be attempting to catch something, like an escaped pet who's running away, for example.
A bunch of children will be shown playing tag.
A lion will chase an antelope
I think that the film will be some sort of chase scene.
Someone will be trying to catch another person.
Someone running away from something.
COPS CHASING A ROBBER
It will show somebody running away from the camera
There is going to be more text.
There is going to be someone or something running.
Cartoon involving two animals chasing each other
loud music will play and there will be action
The video will proceed to show images of a pilot in an airport.
