We will see a tour of the inside of Frank's house.
The following scenes paint a picture of Frank Jr's home life, and the family will celebrate and reflect on the father's accomplishments.
There is some sort of family fight, showing that they aren't such a perfect family.
We'll see that Frank Jr was abused by his dad.
I think that Frank Jr. Tells his mother that he is also going to do great things.
I'm not sure what's going to happen next.
The parents continue to talk and then they start dancing in the living room while Frank Jr. watches and smiles.
Frank will be asked to dance.
The older man will go to his wife and start to dance with her.
The son and father will have a conversation about their future plans.
Frank straightens his award on the wall.
It will show Frank Jr and his mother dancing.
The prisoner/main character will interact with his father, showing more about his childhood.
Frank Jr., his mother, and his father will have a conversation.
Frank Sr turns to his wife and says what a wonderful life we have. He then asks his son ( Frank jr) what he thinks. Is he proud of his father?
The father and son will have an argument
Frank Sr. will stand back and look at the award.
I believe it will be a party to happen and people would get along.
Frank and his mother will dance
His parents show him love
THe people will socialize
Frank Jr. and his mother will be dancing and then Frank Sr. will cut in and dance with his wife.
The William family will spend time as a family.
We see Frank's parents interactions
They show him and his mother dancing in the living room.
At the house, the video will cut to Frank Jr. and his mom dancing while Frank Sr. looks on. The family will gather in the house and have conversation. It will turn to Frank Jr. and his plans for school or what he wants to do as a career.
Frank jr and his mother dance and laugh.
his mam and him are dancing around the livingroom
I think the certificate will be framed on the wall and a couple will dance
Frank Jr (?) will continue straightening up the house/listening
Conversation between the Abergnales will continue so we learn more about each of them, music continues
The conman dances with his mother.
