I think the credits of the movie will be shown during the intro.
Given the the only portion of the video i was shown included the words "catch me if you can" i cant say much about what i think will happen, although i believe some sort of chase will ensue among characters, or some sort of rivalry
I have literally no idea. Anything could happen next.
Someone will be very fast and someone else will try to catch them.
I think there will be a video of someone being chased.
I guess there will be a chasing scene.
A cat will tease a dog and dares to dog to catch it.
One person will be chasing another person.
Two people will be shown chasing after each other.
An actor in the movie will have their name displayed.
A character will show up running.
A person will be running.
Music will play as it shows a man running through the scene
A man in dark glasses will be seen in dark lighted room
The titles for the film will appear
I think the words, I got you babe will appear onscreen.
I think that something will pop out and see if it can be caught.
Nothing will happen next
the subtitles will come up next
I feel like there may be a chase scene to start the video
I think there will be a character that is running.
Someone will be running away from someone else that is trying to catch him
A person will be chasing someone else
It's going to be a story about two people chasing each other.
I think there is going to be a video of someone running like in a parkour video and there will be a first person video with you following along with the person trying to catch the other person.
I also think that there is going to be a sight puzzle or something you are going to have to follow along with your eyes while watching the video and catch the object in your sight.
An introductory sequence with the names of the cast and filmmakers.
it will show someone running threw a field
The video will show one person running from another person
The video will show a game of chase between two people
Someone will be attempting to catch something, like an escaped pet who's running away, for example.
Cartoon involving two animals chasing each other
The video will proceed to show images of a pilot in an airport.
