Frank Sr. will cut in and show Jr. the dance from France he was just talking about, while telling the story of how they met.
Frank will get what he's always wanted for Xmas.
Frank will be chased out by aggressive agents who are on his tail.
Frank will explain how these scenes relate to each other.
I predict the man and his wife will began to argue
I think Frank Jr will continue dancing.
Frank Sr. is going to cut in and start dancing with his wife.
The family is going to start singing Christmas songs.
The father takes over the dance with the mother and continues his story while he dances
they are going to keep dancing and talking
Frank Jr. will find out that his father was lying about something important.
Frank will tell his anecdote about the French being happy.
The older Frank will continue to tell a story while his son and his wife continue to dance with each other.
We'll hear what those French people decided to do.
The family sits down and has a dinner while discussing Leo's characters future.
I think the man and woman will continue decorating their room.
I think it will show Frank going to a new school.
Frank's father will tell a story about Frank's mother when they were in France.
I think Frank Senior will dance with his wife.
His father will dance a dance with his mother and they will share a tender moment
Frank Jr. will share his plans with his parents.
The dad cuts in and dances with his wife
Frank's dad and mom will dance.
house is gonna get raided by the law.
The man speaking takes his wife's hand and dances with her while telling a story to their son.
The 3 members of the family dance together or the dad takes over from the son to dance with the mother.
They are dancing and talking and happy and then the dad becomes poorly and their happiness turns to sorrow.
i think that frank will talk about how he met his wife
Frank Senior describes how the French villagers arranged a celebration for the American troops.
Frank will talk to his family about some random things and then they will have dinner where they will discuss Frank Jr.'s future.
Frank's father is going to tell a story about how he and Frank's mother met. He is going to take over dancing with Frank's mother. This will make Frank look at his parents and wish for a relationship like that.
I THINK HE GIVES HIS SON A LECTURE ABOUT WORKING HARD AND SUCCESS
The other man will dance with his wife.
