She takes the jewelry and lets them in
The woman will open the doors for them.
The woman is going to accept the necklace and their plea and let them in to find a suit.
The son begins to understand that his father is a con artist, while he talks to the store employee.
Darcy will let them into the shop to get a black suit.
I think the woman will then say it is and let them in.
She will open the door.
The suit sales lady steps out of the doorway and approaches the two characters. she then reaches out to grab the necklace while asking where the man got it from.
Darcy is going to realize that frank is going to give her the necklace if she opens the door.
Darcy lets them into the store.
Now she will open the gate and they will purchase the black suit
Frank Sr will give Darcy the charm.
The man will give the jewelry to the woman and she will let them into the store.
frank's father will convince darcy to let them in and loan them a suit.
She gives them the suit, then they go to the bank and Frank Jr. acts as a chauffeur.
the father will have a heart attack.
Big Frank says "it must have fallen right off your neck" and she lets them in
The woman looks at the necklace, shocked, she hurries over to the door to unlock it.
Darcy allows the men to enter.
The dad managed to trick the woman into loaning him a suit , but he has no intention of returning it
The man will bribe Darcy to letting them in
Darcey will go over to look at the necklace and laugh. Frank senior will give her the necklace and she'll agree to open up the shop for them to take a look at the suits.
The woman will ask how the man got her necklace.
They get a suit and then they sneak into a funeral.
I think the lady will go look at the necklace then the man will force himself into the shop
I think the lady will go look at the necklacr and the man will bribe the woman with thr necklace to let them in
Darcy looks at the necklace and recognizes it. It is the one she lost as a child in France. She opens the door and Frank Jr. gets his suit.
There will be further exposition on how Frank Jr learned to con people from his father.
They charm the shop assistant and get a suit.
the father will be holding a necklace, he will ask Darcy if the necklace was hers and if had slipped right off her neck
He drops the neckless and Darcie picks it up and opens shop.
