Everyone will clap for what Frank Sr. says
Someone will shoot the guy giving the speech.
the man will continue to talk for awhile.
Man continues to give a speech.
The man will tell a story about how the mouse persevered and got out of the bucket.
The man will tell a story about how the mouse died even though it tried very hard.
I think Frank Sr. will continue with his story about the mice, demonstrating perseverance, and tie that into his own life and accomplishments
The elder Frank continues to tell the inspiring story that culminates in him recognizing his son and asking him to come up on stage with him to celebrate his perseverance.
Frank continues, "and that mouse got out and lived, and had some butter to eat as well."
He will eventually complete the speech.
He will finish his story and get a standing ovation.
In the story, the mouse is able to step onto the butter and escape. It will be a lesson about the values of hard work and creativity.
Frank will then give more of the story about the mouse working hard to save themselves and the mouse is him.
I think the rest of the story with the mouse will be about how it worked hard and managed to have success in life.
He continues his speech.
He's son gets on stage.
He was then able to stand on the butter and get out of the bucket.
The speaker will continue to tell his joke and the crowd will burst out in laughter.
Franks Sr will continue his acceptance speech.
Frank's dad will continue to tell the story and the crowd will give applause.
I think the man will say, the mouse was able to survive by churning the milk into butter, and it's a metaphor for, never giving up. The son will be motivated by this to think about making his own money in the world.
i think he will dedicate his speech to his son
i think his son will stand up and make a scene
i think the speaker will die on stage
he will give a speech with anecdotes. others will clap
Some sort of fight between the parents on the way home
That is how I feel about what I have accomplished.
he will continue to give the speech
The man who is talking from the platform will continue to that until he didn't leave the voice for another person.
the speech is interrupted somehow?
Frank Sr. will continue to make a his speech and lecture on how the mice turned the milk to butter and never gave up so he survived and that's how he got his award.
and the mouse climbed out of the bucket
The man will go on to tell other stories, other stories of inspiration. Everyone will clap.
He will continue giving his speech and then somebody in the audience will accuse him of being a conman.
