They will introduce the second guy and say the same thing about him
The 3 men will all try to be convincing that they are the "real" person.
The real person will step forward.
they are going to talk about Leo's fake pilot life
The contestants will ask the man questions to determine which one is the real Frank.
The announcer will tell the audience more about Frank.
I think the announcer will continue giving information about the contestant
The contestants will take a seat at their respective positions on the show.
The second man is zoomed in on and more tales of his exploits are spoken.
the characters are going to talk about how they were able to successfully impersonate a pilot and flying over two million miles
The announcer will continue making claims about the person in question and will pan to the other two gentlemen.
The featured man will fail at his impersonation.
The three men who claim to be frank will sit down and get asked questions from the panel of questioners.
I think that these three men with the same name are going to compete in a game show.
I think Leo will persuade everyone on the show he is the guy.
The announcer will tell how the man was caught and what happened to him after he was caught.
I believe the panel of contestants will begin asking the 3 men questions
The game show host will continue to tell the story of con man.,
The game show host will prompt the men to say something else which tries to convince the audience they are the con man.
The three men will answer questions about their career as a fake pilot.
The three men will go to a standing booth and wait to answer questions.
I think the man will try to convince everyone that he is the man the narrator is describing. And the second man will also do the same.
the host will ask the contestants what they think
all three people will will repeat what the host said
The video will provide more information on Frank
We will find out who is really frank
The host will continue to describe the pilot.
they will guess who it is
The man who is casting this game show will probably give us important info about these three men.
Each pilot has a different story?
The contestants are going to guess which one was is the airline pilot.
The game is to guess who actually impersonated the pilot
The next two people will repeat the same story as the first person.
The host will make two additional claims regarding the person, one for each of the remaining candidates.
