The FBI agent will try and convince the guard to get a doctor.
The prisoner may be faking his condition so as to be transferred to a different location
The prisoner is gravely ill and the FBI agent realizes this, a doctor will be summoned and he may be removed from the cell to receive treatment
Tom Hanks opens the door to the cell while a French guy yells at him in French.
The person who was arrested will try to escape.
I think they open the door and the agent takes the con man into custody.
I think the con man says he's guilty just to get out of the cell.
He's probably going to fight the guard and try to get the prisoner out of the place.
Doctors are called and then Frank is taken to the hospital. Frank then makes a run for it and is captured.
The prisoner will negotiate with the investigator.
The guard will open the door to check on the prisoner.
The guard will look through the hole and yell at the prisoner and refuse a doctor for him.
The agent will demand for the prison official to open the cell door.
The two men will go into the cell and see if Leo is breathing.
The FBI agent will get the cell opened to help the prisoner.
The FBI agent will argue with the french authorities to try to get help for the prisoner.
The FBI agent yells at the French police man about how the prisoner is being treated
The prisoner escapes when the police opens the cell
The police man will tell the french guard to open the cell
I think "Frank" will try to escape when the doctor comes in.
I believe the person is really sick and needs medical attention asap.
Frank will escape after he gets out
They will get into a fight
The guard will open the cell door and Frank will try to escape
Frank will start his voice over of his life story.
The guard will deny the request to get a doctor for the prisoner.
The agent will get Frank out of French custody
The FBI agent is going to get help for the prisoner.
Carl is going to continue asking for a doctor or ask frantically to get into the cell so that the door can open and they can check Frank in the cell. Frank will be brought out of the cell and try to escape sometime after being let out.
He will argue for a doctor with the guards, who do not wish to get one.
frank isn't really sick, he is faking it and as soon as the door opens, he will try and escape and they will fight then possibly not escape and get thrown back in jail
frank really is sick and he gets taken away to the hospital
I think the woman will die and the prison guards will panic.
The man investigating will continue to insist a doctor come to help the prisoner.
The man investigating will be thrown out
Detective will request the door to be opened for Frank to receive medical attention, but Frank will use this as an opportunity to escape
The prison tries to escape.
