Carl tries to get the guard to open the door because he is concerned that the prisoner has just died.
The man outside the cell orders the guards to open the door to check on the man in the cell.
Frank will be let out of the cell for medical attention
A guard will open the cell and the person inside of it might try to escape.
The guard will open the cell to see if the prisoner is ok.
The FBI agent will suspect that the inmate is bluffing.
he opens the door and then he escapes
the police man is going to open the cage
He will realize that the man really is sick and help him.
They will open the jail cell.
I guess Tom Hanks will call for help
I think Carl Hanratty will demand that a doctor see Frank.
He will try to pass something to the prisoner.
The guards will make him leave.
I think the interrogator will try to desperately open the door and see what's wrong with the prisoner, but the guards may try to stop him.
Frank goes up to the grate, and begs for help.
I think the prisoner will continue to beg for help but the FBI investigator will continue reading his document to him.
I think that the FBI agent will call over a guard to help the collapsed person.
This will all be an attempt at a con or an escape.
Tom Hanks will continue to read off the rights he has off of the paper.
Leonardo Di Caprio (not a woman) will get up and start saying strange things.
They will continue to talk to extradite him to the US
The man will see the prisoner escaping.
I believe Frank will speak.
I think the main character will call for a guard.
My fbi agent will call medical help.
He will continue to read the man his charges, rights, etc. and extradite him to the US
The guy on the outside of the cell will find a way to help the prisoner.
I think the guy reading the paper will call out for help.
The man on phone immediately hung up and check the man in cell
The agent isn't sure if Frank is attempting to fool him or really needs help but I think he will call for the guards.
The agent will call to the guard to check on the prisoner, but he will deny any request to open the door.
The FBI agent will call for the prison guard to open the prisoner's cell.
Hanratty calls a guard and they go into the cell to find Abignale collapsed and unabl;e to speak, so they call a doctor.
