Frank will escape by impersonating a doctor himself in no time at all.
Frank will be treated by a doctor.
People will continue to question frank on his activities.
The secne will flash forward to another part of frank's history.
I predict an ambulance to come to the prison
I think Frank will escape.
The men are going to put the prisoner on a bed to rest while they call a doctor.
Frank gets very sick and passes out , they take him to a hospital where he escapes
frank is going to try to escape from the doctors
Frank will get up and run way.
The inmate is faking an illness. He will continue to fake it until he sees an opportunity to escape. He will succeed.
The guards will lay the character named "Frank" down on a bed while they wait for the doctor to either arrive or if he is already there, to treat him.
We'll see that he faked his illness.
The fake pilot pushes the police away when the get him out of restraints and runs out of the room
The fake pilot is given some sort of medication that quiets him.
I think the prisoner will go to see a doctor.
Tom Hanks will fall asleep and Leonardo will escape.
The guards will lay Frank on the examining table.
I think the prisoner will get medical treatment so he can be questioned by the FBI
A doctor will come and look at him and say he's ill
He will escape the hospital by pretending to be someone else
The prisoner will escape from the hospital bed because he was faking the illness.
The guards lay Frank onto a hospital bed and Frank opens his eyes.
Frank will go to a doctor.
Its a scam to get free once he sees the doctor
The people that helped the man to the sick ward start to argue about getting him a doctor.
Frank is going to try and escape.
The take him to hospital but he escapes.
i think frank will be taken to the prison infirmary to see the prison doctor
I think a doctor starts to examine Frank with a stethoscope.
the doctor will treat Frank and he will be okay soon, once he's feeling okay, the FBI agent will ask the France police to let him take Frank back to the US.
I think Frank is faking being sick to try and escape from the prison. He will fool the FBI agent and escape.
THE FBI WILL TRY TO HELP THE CON MAN, TO MAKE SURE HE'S WELL BEFORE TRANSPORTING HIM BACK TO THEIR OWN PRISON.
He will try to escape the hospital.
