Frank Sr. continues making his speech to the applauding room.
Frank Jr. remains at the table while his father continues his speech
Frank Jr. comes up to the stage to greet his father and receive praise from him
Frank Jr stands up and receives a round of applause.
We'll see what happened in Frank Jr.'s young years to make him what he became.
I think the younger Frank pulls off a scam for which I can't quite figure out the details .
Someone's gonna come barging in.
Frank Jr. stands to an ovation and then Frank Sr. finishes his speech.
Frank Jr. will join his father on stage.
The man will return to his table to speak with the people that were sitting with him.
Frank Jr will walk on the stage with his father.
The father will continue his speech.
The movie will cut back to the prisoner being transported.
Frank will continue his speech at the meeting.
Frank walks off the stage to hug and kiss his wife Paula. Then, hug his son Frank Jr.
Frank Jr will stand and bow a little to the crowd
Frank Jr. will stab his father.
There will be victory going on since they chanting and carrying on about it.
Frank junior will make a speach
He gave out hand shakes and hugs
The son will stand up and the father will say more about him
Frank Sr. will continue his speech.
Frank Jr. will stand up and be applauded and will sit back down, and Sr. will continue with the speech.
Frank's father continues his acceptance speech, but is fired.
Something happens to Frank's father which causes the escalation to crime.
Frank Jr. will stand up since he is being recognized by his father during the speech and wave or bow or some other recognition and sit back down while his father will continue the speech for the assembly. Then there will be another cut in the video for another timeline or that it will go back to him in prison with Carl.
Frank jr. stands up to recieve applause. Then his father commences an acceptance speech.
he stands up and joins his dad on stage and it goes wrong
I think the crowd will applaud again.
Frank Jr will go up to the podium.
Frank Jr. reluctantly goes up on stage
The conman comes up onto the stage.
