They will easily catch him again, since he can barely walk.
The agent will *not* let him leave his sight.
Frank will be caught by the guards.
Frank will find another way to slip away.
I predict Leonardo Dicaprio to try to run but he won't get very far before he's caught
I think Frank will be recaptured.
The men are going to catch the prisoner before he can escape.
They capture Frank but not without assistance, his lawyer helps him understand he needs to wait till tomorrow and he will be released
frank is going to get caught and put back in cell
The police will catch Frank.
The guards will capture the inmate and return him to the medical area.
The guards and the FBI agent catches up to Frank and takes him back into custody.
They will catch the prisoner.
The fake pilot gets just to the exit door and is shot by the police.
I think the prisoners will riot in the prison.
The guards will beat up Frank.
In the next 30 seconds, the guards will catch Frank and throw him back into his cell.
I think the prisoner will be recaught and put back in his cell.
He will be bodily picked up by the police and moved back to a cell and treated roughly
The prisoner will be put back in a jail cell and the police officer will be told to leave.
A sick Frank is unable to get away and is brought back to the prison hospital bed where he is shackled.
The French police catch Frank on the ground.
He will get apprehended again and sent back to america.
The man that tried to escape gets caught and beaten.
Frank is going to be too weak to escape, they police men will pick him up and drag him back.
They handcuff him and Tom says 'I caught you'.
i think frank will get caught, beat up by the guards and put back into his cell
The prison guards drag Frank onwards, back to the same cell.
the police will take Frank back to his cell and they might put him in shackles so doesn't try to escape again.
I think that the first warden has a gun in his hand and will threaten to shoot Frank.
I think the FBI agent will save him so he can take him back to America for trial.
THE CON MAN FRANK GETS BEATEN BY THE GUARDS, BEFORE THE FBI CAN INTERVENE
They will catch him and put him back in prison.
