Leo Decaprio will admit to it
The man in the middle will start laughing.
The man asking the question will continue with his question and one or more of the contestants will guess what the answer is.
Dicaprio will continue to pretend to be someone else.
The three men will sit down in chairs behind a panel.
I think the men will then walk out.
One of the men will run away.
The contestants of the game show will have to guess which person is who the announcer is talking about.
They're going to continue with the introduction, then all the men are going to take their seats.
The panel will ask each possible William some questions.
Next the actor's will introduce themselves
The game show the characters are appearing on will begin.
The contestants will answer questions about themselves.
the narrator will continue to describe frank abegnail.
I think the game show host is going to keep talking about Frank Abagnale Jr.
the game show host will quiz the men on things about their background.
The three guys speak about a topic
The announcer will continue to speak and then begin asking the men questions.
The participants will have to decide which man fits the description given.
The panel will begin asking the 3 people questions to figure out who is the person.
The narrator will continue telling the story and the contestants will then have to guess which person is the real one
The voice over will continue to recount the adventures of Abergnale as he impersonated a pilot over several years.
The game show presenter will then invite the panel of people to ask the three men questions to try to determine who is the actual Abergnale.
Contestants will ask the three possible imposters questions about their profession.
Each person will talk about themselves and then the people will ask questions.
I think they will continue to tell more about the person while the audience and the geuss on the panel will have to decide which is the real person
The announcer will continue with what Frank did. By the time I was 30 years old, I was .........(they all look to be around 30 years old)
The contestants will go behind the podiums and start answering questions.
The video will continue listing all of Frank's deceptions. I love this film.
The television host will ask the contestant which of the three men really is Frank William Abignale,
There going to try to find out who is telling the truth.
