The three uniformed gentlemen will answer the announcer's question(s).
The people on the show will be introduced and they will pretend to be the same person.
I predict that the three men will began to talk
I think the contestants will answer questions.
The host will ask Guest #1 to tell the audience about himself.
The three men will make a joking remark and everyone will laugh
the three people will be introduces
The host will ask one of the contestants to pick the person who is an impostor.
The host will ask the participants to describe what it is like to be in their branch of the military. The participants will explain, trying to convince the contestant.
The show host will ask contestant one a question, probably something like what is his name or something else about him that is unknown to the audience.
The host will introduce the guests.
The announcer will have the audience choose one of the 3 participants.
I think the men will introduce themselves.
Each person will introduce themselves to the audience.
The host will ask a question to participant number one.
I think the men will introduce themselves to the audience.
They will ask them questions about who they are
The contestants will all state the same name as being their own.
The contestants will introduce themselves as the same person and the game players will have to guess who is telling the truth.
Each person will tell their story.B
they will be introduced and I will be give some background info
Contestant number one will answer a question to determine if they are being truthful.
They are going to introduce the 3 men in uniform including Frank Abagnale (sp) who's story it is (I've watched the movie and previously read his book). The host might possibly give us a brief biography in order to guess which one is the real Frank Abagnale.
It was Leo! The three contestants will be introduced.
i think that each of the contestants will introduce themselves
I think the show presenter asks the 3 uniformed men what they have done.
the participants on the show will have to guess which of the 3 captains/pilots is an impostor.
I think that the presenter is going to ask Number 1 what he does for a living.
THE CONTESTANTS WILL HAVE TO TRY TO WORK OUT WHO IS THE REAL CON MAN
They will ask all the men the same questions and they will answer them.
