Carl sits down with the dying prisoner to ask them questions about what they have done in the past.
The man in the cell tells the man outside the cell that he needs to moved to another facility.
Hanratty will speak with Frank
The main character will talk to the person side of the cell.
I think the FBI agent will begin to question the suspect.
he cons him into opening the door
the guy in the cage is going to talk to the policeman
Frank will talk him into opening the door somehow.
The FBI agent will ask the prisoner if he is all right.
Tom will ask if he is Hank
I think Carl Hanratty will demand that a doctor see Frank since he is sick.
He will feel sorry for him!
I believe the man will begin to interrogate/question the prisoner that was coughing.
I believe it may cut back to the game show and the woman may begin asking questions again.
They speak to one another.
I think the FBI investigator, Karl, will begin interrogating the man in the cell.
I think the FBI agent will find out that the person he is talking to is the criminal he has been looking for.
Tom Hanks will start talking to the woman in the cell.
She will continue couching and start talking in another language.
They will talk to eachother and negotiate a truce to get out of prison
The man will tell him that he is caught.
The man in the cell will fake being sick to escape.
I believe we are about to see who the real Frank is.
I believe he is about to speak to the FBI agent.
I think the main character will speak to the prisoner.
The man in jail cell will cough.
The FBI person will talk to the man to interrogate him
The two men will talk about the crimes that the one in jail committed.
I think it will go back to the game show.
The FBI will ask if he's okay
The agent will interview the prisoner and ask him questions to establish his true identity.
The agent is going to ask the prisoner who he is, and other basic questions to familiarise himself with him.
I think that we will see a conversation between Hanratty and the conman in which the conman gives evasive answers to the FBI agent's questions.
I think he tries to talk to Abignale but he pretends to be sick and that he can't remember anything.
