He leaves the prison
They will discover he fled.
The search will begin for the escaped prisoner.
The men will realize that they were tricked by the prisoner.
They chase after Frank, who has escaped.
I think the prisoner escaped the bed.
The man escaped.
The jail warden will yell at the american detective.
It's going to cut to a scene where frank is back in a nice outfit enjoying a plane ride somewhere.
Leonardo Dicaprio has escaped.
Now the main character escapes from the prison
We will see some point in the future where Leo's character is on the run.
The prisoner will escape out of the building.
fbi agent handready will pursue abegnail after his escape.
Frank is going to be escaping from the prison.
the man will bail out the prisoner
The doctors confirm Frank will be okay and the agent talks with Frank
They discover that the man has escaped.
They will search for Frank.
The man is on the run and a chase begins but he managed to escape again.
THe prisoner has escaped but he will get caught as he is too ill to go anywhere.
The Tom Hanks character will rush through the open door and tear down the stairs to pursue Abergnale.
He'll find Abergnale curled up on the floor after having taken only a few desperate steps to freedom.
The FBI agent will run after Frank.
Frank will escape by pretending to be a doctor.
I think that Frank faked passing out and has now escaped
Frank has obviously escaped. We next see him walking down a French street with a French girl, getting her to hide him, unbeknownst to her.
Abagnale will be shown escaping and onto his next adventure, Hanratty will be mad.
He offers him a job, eventually!
the curtains are drawn back to reveal the prisoner has escaped, the collapse was for show and this was his plan, we may see the agent give a look to suggest he could have expected this. we may see the prisoner running away but he may still be coughing or weak as the prison cell was very cold and wet
The man in the hospital room will run in the corridor.
The Men will the hospital room will panic as the man in the bed has got away.
