The lady in the store opens the store early let Frank Jr. come in a get a suit
The lady will open the gate and let them in.
talking will continue.
They go in store and try on a suit
The woman will feel bad for Frank and open up early.
The woman will tell them they have to come back later.
I think Frank Sr. will continue explaining to the saleswoman why he needs a suit for his son, she will let him in, and Frank Jr. will have learned about manipulation to get what you need.
Darcy reluctantly opens up and the two men proceed in to find the appropriate suit for the upcoming occasion.
Frank and Frank Jr. get the suit and laugh about it.
The lady will oblige frank's dad request and lend them a suit
She will let them in to get the suit.
The shop owner will let them in and set them up with a suit.
Franks father talks the shop owner into lending them a suit and they never plan to return it, then they head to a place where Frank's father needs to con people there.
The woman will give him a suit.
The woman will tell them that they can't lend a suit.
He fools her into giving them a suit.
She lets them into the store so Frank can get his son Frank Jr a black suit
The lady who is the shopkeeper will let the man and his son in, so he can get the black suit he needs
Frank Sr will continue to talk the department store lady into letting them in.
Frank Jr. will find a suit.
Frank and his father will con the store lady.
I think the lady will let them into the store and he will get the black suit and they will be arriving at their destination meeting. The father will give the son advice on the way to the meeting.
i think the lady will let them take a suit
The woman will let them in to get a suit
Frank gets a suit.
The woman finally opens the door and lets them in. She tells them to please make it quick.
he will steal her necklace and pretend she lost it
The father will probably not get the suit for his son from this store and then they will try to check in another one if they will give him the one they need for the funeral.
the woman lets them in for a suit
After hearing Frank Sr.'s possibly fake story about getting his son a suit the woman that works there will let them in the locked door and he will get his son a one of the best suits to match his.
She opens up and gives him s suit
The shop will open and let him borrow a suit.
The shop will refuse to open.
The shop owner will let the father and son in and they will buy a new suit.
