He gives a speech
The man will make a speech about success.
The man will continue his speech.
Cristopher Walken will continue to give a speech while Leo begins to think about something else.
The man giving a speech will be interrupted.
I think the man will finish his speech.
He will continue his speech.
The main character interrupts the speech the man receiving the reward is giving.
frank sr will continue to make his speech but frank jr will do something really creative with his wine label.
Frank continues to give a thank you speech.
Now he will give some speech on affairs of the country
The actual Frank will give a speech.
A man will make a speech to the audience.
Frank's father will give a moving speech.
He's going to make a speech about how the mouse churned that cream to butter.
The speaker will be shot.
Frank gives a speach
The man will continue to give his speech, after the crowd will clap and the movie will skip to a different scene.
The suspect enters the room.
An account of how he has managed to fraudulently con the people and be awarded some sort of recognition in the previous part of the film.
As the man gives his speech, leo the protaganist will start to realise and think of the idea to inpersonate them
Frank's father will continue to give his acceptance speech, referencing friends, colleagues and finally his family who have helped him with his career.
Frank will write something on the label he has just torn from the bottle of wine.
The man's speech will be interrupted.
The real Frank accepts an award and gives the fake one the idea to steal his identity.
I think that frank will go on to tell his story
The guy getting the award goes on with his speech, giving kudos to our Frank sitting in the audience.
Frank Jr will do something to disrupt the meeting.
Frank Sr will die on the podium.
Frank is giving a speech for the honour he has received, I think he lists his faults
Franks father is giving his acceptance speech, he will begin a short story about two mice drowning in a vat of milk, before one mouse kicks so hard he turns the milk to butter and then climbs out, he declares himself that mouse
The man will carry on with his speaking, but someone is going to interrupt him.
