We'll see the man looking for the con man, only for the con man to have gotten away.
The scene will continue with the FBI agent meeting the protagonist in the French prison
The scene will cut from the prison in France and return to the game show where the second contestant finishes his explanation of who caught him
The FBI agent will start to question the prisoner.
tom hanks will talk to leo from outside his cell
men will open a door and leonardo dicaprio will be there
The detective is going to see the prisoner and realize that it is not the right guy.
The detective is going to see the prisoner and begin to investigate him.
Tom Hanks will find Matt Damon in the room.
A man will get visited in his prison cell
The agent will be shown one of the three pilots from the gameshow in jail and be surprised at who it is.
He will go up to Frank and and ask him some questions.
The French cop will bring the suspect out to sit on the stool.
they were going to walk down the hall.
The cop guy will try to interview the other who will end up lying
They are going into a dark area that looks like a jail. Perhaps they will talk to a prisoner about something.
I feel like the agent will question somebody and then it will flick back to the game show.
He will enter the jail cell to reveal the real Frank's identity.
Mr Hamready will speak with the prisoner.
The game show will continue.
They will go in and start talking to the prisoner
Carl Hanratty will meet the prisoner (played by Leonardo DiCaprio).
Tom Hanks' character will sit in a cell with DiCaprio's character
The American investigator will speak with the person in the cell that he came after.
The men will go into a room and question someone waiting there.
Carl is going to get put on a small stool and get to talk to the prisoner through the door.
Karl will talk to one of the contestants shown in the previous scene. Karl will be speaking to him in prison.
The FBI guy will sit on the stool and the prisoner will be brought in.
Tyler (tom hanks) will interview a prisoner
they are on trial on a tv show
I think that they will the main character in prison and send him back to America.
We will see the main character in jail
The interrogator will start speaking to the prisoner, but it will cut back to the game show before we can see or hear him.
The FBI agent will interview contestant number 2 while he is in jail.
the prisoner 'abingail'? comes out and sits, ready to talk.
