Frank gives a speech about his service and what he did
He will give a short acceptance speech.
the man gives an acceptance speech.
Man gives a speech.
Frank will give a speech to the audience.
Frank's speech will be interrupted by someone finding out he is a con artist.
I think Frank Abagnale Sr. will give his acceptance speech while his wife and Frank Jr. watch from the crowd
The receipient of the award stands before the crowd and shows his gratitude. Then Frank (Leo DiCaprio) takes the bottle he has been holding and pops the cork in celebration.
The real Frank makes his acceptance speech.
Frank will be impersonated
In his speech he will thank his son.
Frank will give a speech.
Frank will give a flowery speech about being honored and humbled by the award.
I think this man at the podium will give a speech and accept an award.
I think he makes a great speech.
Frank says he can't accept the award, because he doesn't deserve it, but in the end accepts it anyway.
I believe the real Frank will give a speech and this is when the impostor will begin the idea to assume his identity.
The boy peeling the label off will begin to pay attention to the real abignals acceptance speech.
Frank's dad will give an acceptance speech.
I think the man on the podium will address the people about his thankfulness for the award. The other character who was in the previous scene in the jail, will start to think about a way to still the mans identity.
i think he will give a speech and dedicate it to his friend with the wine bottle
He will give a speech
Going to flash forward a couple of years to where Frank JR is learning how to con.
I am honored to accept this award but maybe not deserving of it.
he will give a speech
The man who is getting the praise will probably congratulate himself and will tell the other people in this hall that he is happy to be here today.
makes a speech and is interrupted by the man with the wine bottle?
As this appears to be the same Frank I believe he is about to tell an acceptance speech and possibly trash the foreign state.
He will say a thank you speech
Tabard man will give a speech.
Frank will give a brief speech thanking everyone and showing his gratitude for being added to the list.
