The get into an arguement about the memory
The cops will bust in the door.
The man will continue telling his son the story about his mother.
The woman continues to dance while the man tells the story about how they met.
The father will kiss the mother.
I feel like the man will start dancing with his wife.
They continue to talk.
The father will continue telling the story about his wife until something interrupts him.
frank starts dancing with his wife and frank jr just sits listening to his dad talk.
The open presents.
He will say something more about his wife
Frank Sr will continue telling the story of meeting his wife.
The younger man will talk with the older couple.
frank's father will dance with his mother.
Frank Sr. is going to start dancing with his wife as he continues to tell a story.
The parents will open presents.
Frank wakes up and his mom is with a lawyer and his dad is moving out.
The woman continues to dance as the man talks about when they first met. The woman then walks over and turns the music off when they hear a knock at the door.
It cuts back to a memory.
Something happens to the dad - injured or worse?
Something bad will happen changing the positive mood to something serious and down
Frank's father will continue to recount the day that he met her and profess his undying love for her.
Frank's parents will dance together and Frank will leave the room.
Someone will say something inappropriate and sour the mood.
Frank continues to tell the story then it shows a flashback of how the parent met.
I think there will be a family argument
I think someone will turn up at rhe family home
BUT! Frank Sr. says 'Her eye caught my eye and the rest is history.'
There will be a scene where one of the parents dies.
They talk about the future
the father will continue his story of meeting the mother and say that he told his army buddy that he would marry the french girl one day
The Dad is going to light a candle then go dance with the mother.
They will all sit down for drinks and talk.
