Carl Hamrady tells the police information about the suspect during this flashback.
The man trying to explain who he is says his name again to let it sink in.
The story will continue showing Frank's past cons
The people who don't speak fluent english will continue to misunderstand what the person is asking them.
I think the third contestant will answer a question.
they take him to where they think leo is and he is not there just a note
the camera will pan back to the game show panel
The police officers will finally understand what he is saying.
The video will switch back to the present game show.
The police will question Tom Hanks
I think Carl Hanratty will get Frank out of jail.
Another panel member will ask a different question.
I believe that the woman is going to continue asking questions and ask person number 3 another question.
Tom Hanks continues to try and unsuccessfully communicate with the French police.
I think the contestants will continue to question the men to see who the real impostor is.
I think they will show the FBI agent trying to catch Frank.
I think they might start showing more flashbacks as the game show continues.
Tom Hanks will continue to try to explain to the men what his name is and where he is from.
It will switch back to the game show and continue asking questions.
The scene will continue and the man will arrest someone.
The man will be denied information.
I think the real Frank will continue to give more details on his capture.
I think the people will understand who the man is saying he is.
The men will laugh.
They will start following the FBI character to catch the other man
The third guy will have to answer a question.
number three will answer a question.
We are the FBI and you are under arrest
It will go back to the studio after the flashback and you will see the 3rd person give their answer?
The FBI agent is going to question the people he's talking to.
The FBI agent will want to be taken to a supervisor or other specific person he wants to talk to.
I think that the scene with Carl Hanratty will end and that the film will cut back to the gameshow with the judge asking another question.
They didn't believe him and arrested him and put him in the police car to go to the station.
