the blue guy puts the green one in the office
I think Sarah sees Keith dragging the body down the stairs.
I think Keith puts the other man in his car
The woman of Kieth's affection will decide to leave the office and run into Kieth and his dead bodies.
I think Sarah will step into the stairwell just as Keith comes down and it will result in her murder too
The girl they both were in love with will see him dead, and confront Keith.
Sarah sees Keith carrying Patrick Campbell's dead body and calls for help.
Keith leave both bodies there on the 6th floor to look like they killed each other.
he will drag the body down farther but get caught by someone else
Keith Reynolds will drag the body to his car.
I think Keith decides to throw Patrick out of a window.
Another worker will spot blue guy in the office and call the cops.
blue guy will successfully carry green guy of the building without anyone noticing him.
Keith kills more people as he tries to hide bodies.
It seems like his escape will not go well since he is at the top of the building.
He is going to kill another colleague possibly Sarah.
Keith will encounter another obstacle to removing the body.
Keith leaves her body as he continues to drag the dead coworker down the stairs.
In the next 30 seconds Keith will leave the building with Patrick in his car.
Keith Reynolds must dispose of two bodies now that Ruth fell on the stairs and died.
Sarah will see Keith and the corpse.
The ambulance will arrive to see Keith with the body.
He steps over the woman who fell down the stairs and keeps dragging the other man with him
keith gets to sarah's floor and doesn't know what to do. he creates a distraction
He will also kill the original lady he was interested.
I think Sarah might leave the office and see Keith pulling Patrick out of the building
Keith continues his trip downstairs and comes across Sarah who then becomes a non-deliberate victim of Keith and his poor decision making
Keith kills the woman too because she will wake up at some point and saw him with the body.
Sarah is going to take the elevator the 5th floor and find ruth and gary dead
keith stores the body in a room or filing cabinet
Sara sees him carry Patrick's body down the stairs.
He leaves the lady and continues to take the body he is trying to dispose of
He kills the lady too
Sarah starts walking on the stairs.
Keith leaves the green woman there.
Keith will attempt to finish off Ruth as she is a witness to his crime.
Keith will ignore Ruth and continue to dispose of Patrick's corpse
