the driver descends from the car
I think someone will get out of the car and climb the stairs.
I think the structure will fall on the car.
I think the person will get out of the car and go inside the tall structure.
I think someone will get out of the car and go inside the building they parked in front of
The person in the vehicle will walk into the building, saying he's unable to make tonight.
A figure will get out of the car.
Someone will get out of the car and walk up to the tall dark mountain.
the character will meet someone
Someone will get out of the car.
I think someone will get out of the car and go up the stairs.
A person will come out of the car and knock on the door.
The car will turn around and drive off the screen.
The car will drive pass the house off the screen.
Keith gets into some predicament where he cant make an event.
We will get to see who is Keith Reynolds
Someone will get out of the vehicle.
Someone will get out of the car.
What I think will happen is a person will come out of car from the vehicle.
Keith Reynolds had to drive to the city to meet someone unexpectedly instead of who he had planned to meet.
The driver of the car will step out of the car.
Some people will be shown getting out of the car and walking into the building.
a man will get out of the car, and walk to the top of the tall building
He will turn around.
He will get out and walk the rest.
Someone will get out of the car and walk up the steps
Someone will get out of the car, alter their appearance or take an object with them, before entering the building
Car will stop and a person willl step out
Someone will come out of the building
he'll enter the building take the elevator and appreciate the view
the driver will get out of the car
A person will get out of the car and go into the building.
The driver gets out of the car and goes inside his house
A man gets out of the car.
The building falls on the car.
Someone will exit the car.
The car will turn around and drive in the opposite direction.
