Cow gets eaten by gator.
I predict an alligator will eat the buffalo standing on top of its back.
the alligator will appear and eat the animal on his back.
The croc will get out of the water.
I think both animals would realize its a log of wood instead of a crocodile.
A crocodile will actually appear and eat the one that was warning about the crocodile.
A crocodile is going to eat the bull
I think the crocodile will eat the bison, finally convincing the other bison, but not the next bison down the line, and so it goes.
COW WILL DROWN
The crocodile will eat the cow.
The cow will sink to the bottom of the water body as the object descends.
An alligator will reveal itself as the object.
the island sinks
the rock will sink
i think the bull will get eaten by an alligator
I think the thing in the water will pop it's head up and scare the animal on top of it.
The sheep will fall in the water.
I think the object will turn out to be an alligator.
The object in the water will be a crocodile and eat the animal on top of him.
gator will eat the animal
The object will move and will eat the buffalo
I think an alligator will eat the cow that is standing on its back.
The log will turn out to be a peaceful crocodile and it'll express annoyance with the wildebeest.
I think that a crocodile will pop up with the elk on it's back.
The cow gets eaten by the rock.
The item in the water will be an alligator and will eat the animal.
A wildebeest will cross the river
A wildebeest will be eaten by an alligator
An alligator will jump up and eat the animal.
I believe the cow that stepped on the alligator will be thrown in the water.
I think a crocodile will erupt from the water.
I think that the wildebeest is going to be eaten by the crocodile.
I think the croc will suddenly eat the animal convincing the other animal that it was a croc indeed.
The cow will be eaten by the alligator.
The object will turn out to be a log after all, but a crocodile will come from elsewhere
The object will be revealed to be an alligator and eat the animal on top of it.
I predict the limb will flip the cow in the water.
I think it'll be revealed that it is a log but another crocodile will appear from somewhere else
I think it will be neither an alligator or a log.
The crocodile will open his mouth and eat the ox
It will start to animate " move" and not be a log but an alligator
I think the log will turn into an alligator and the cow will fall in the water.
The mound will end up being a crocodile.
The crocodile is going to pop up and swallow the bull.
I think an alligator is going to come out of the water.
It will still be a crocodile.
The alligator will eat the buffalo
crocodile eats cow.
The alligator moves to the other side.
The alligator will pop up and snatch one of them.
the log will be revealed to be an alligator
I think the object in the water will reveal itself to be an alligator.
I think it will actually be a crocodile
something will come out of the water
Gator will attack the cow.
It will be an alligator
It's an alligator that will rear back and chomp the other animal.
i think the object will actually be an alligator and eat the animal
The 'log' is another animal and will attack
The object will start to move and the cow on top of it will become scared.
it will be an alligator
The alligator will raise up out of the water and knock the animal off it's back and into the water.
The animal will stick its head up and reveal that it is an alligator. It will probably eat the cow on its back. The remaining cow will think "Alligator," and then wander off.
He is going to get eaten by the alligator.
That animal will get eaten by the alligator.
I think the cow will get eaten by the alligator.
An alligator is going to eat the cow on it.
I think an alligator will pop up and eat the antelope.
The alligator in the water will eat the animal.
The thing the wildebeest jumped on is a crocodile that is going to eat him.
the animal will jump on the object
A crocodile will leap up onto the shore.
The buffalo on the crocodile will hop on the object and it will turn out to be a crocodile that eats him. The the other buffalo will be like "Huh. I guess it wasn't a log."
The object in the water is going to turn out to be a croc.
An alligator will appear.
The animal standing on the crocodile will be eaten
They think its a tree log, but they will soon find out its a crocodile.
I think the alligator is going to flip the animal off his back.
One of them will take a step onto the thing in the water.
I think it is a crocodile and will jump up.
The buffalo will really get eaten this time.
The alligator will eat the character on its back
The animal that's standing on the item will fall into the water.
He's definitely going to get eaten.
The bull will get eaten by the crocodile on top of him.
The unseen alligator comes up next to the log
It will be a crocodile and it will attack.
The log will sink.
I think the crocodile will attack the animal on it's back.
I think the alligator will wake up and scare them.
The gator gets a free meal then the other one will start the argument again with another that believes it is a log.
The alligator in the water will start to swim away.
The thing will reveal itself to be neither of what the animals think it is.
Its a log and he will sink.
They find out that its neither a log or an alligator but something else like a man made object.
The bull will fall down.
The bull will get back to its position again.
The bull may jump on that thing.
The bull may call the other bull to step on that thing.
The thing may push the bull into the water.
the wildebeest will get eaten by the croc
Ok maybe it is an alligator
It's an alligator.
The gnu will get eaten by a crocodile
The thing in the water will move and scare the animal.
I think that the unknown object might actually be a log.
An alligator will take one of them.
I think that it is an alligator and it is going to jump up.
The thing in the water is going move.
The alligator/piece of wood will still not move so the animal will begin dancing on it to try and make it react.
The crocodile is going to eat the buffalo
The crocodile will show its head
The log will sink
Alligator is going to wake up from being jumped onto.
The other animal remaining on land will also try to stand on the log / alligator.
Its a crocodile/alligator.
The animal will fall in the water.
I think the Alligator will pop out and eat the ox that is standing on it.
I predict the first water buffalo that just stepped on the object to fall over into the water and the other water buffalo will laugh at it.
An alligator will eat him
An alligator is going to come up from the water and eat the animal standing on the log.
The alligator will come out of the water and eat the water buffalo whole.
I think an alligator will jump up and try to eat the bull.
I think the crocodile would eat the bull that jumped on its back.
The cows will figure out what the thing in the water really is
The alligator will eat the animal
The floating stuff turns out to be a clever crocodile, I guess.
It's going to be the alligator.
In the next 30 seconds I believe one of the cows will fall into the water.
Crocodile will attack.
That buffalo or whatever is gonna be swallowed whole by the obvious gator/croc
The animals will find out if it is an alligator or log.
the animal will be eaten
The cow has stepped on an alligator as he expected.
The thing the cow stepped on was not an alligator.
The thing the cow stepped on was a log.
The alligator will bite the animal on it's back
The object will start moving.
The log the buffalo is standing on will start to sink.
A crocodile will submerge with the animal on it.
I think the object is a crocodile and it will eat the wildabeast that is standing on top of it.
The one will show a log again and then the alligator will eat the one standing on him.
The alligator will jump out of the water.
The Wilder Beast will be eaten
I think if it is an alligator it will come out of the water, otherwise they will find out it is a tree trunk.
the crocodile will eat it for hopping on top of it.
I think the crocodile will move.
I think the other bull will try to get on.
I think the cow will be eaten by an alligator
The animal will swim back to land.
The alligator will come up.
I think that the one cow will be eaten by the gator.
The animal will either fall off or get off object in water
The object is an alligator and will roll over
The object is just floating driftwood
The crocodile will get angry and jump out
It will be an alligator and the buffalo will get scared.
I still think the 'log' will turn out to be a crocodile, and may snap at the wildebeest.
The crocodile's head will come up from the water and the animal will panic.
The crocodile will swim away with the sheep on it's back
The crocodile is mates with the dude in the local Jamaican takeaway and will sell the sheep to this dude for the mutton curry
The whole world will explode
they now think its a log but it will be an alligator
Alligator gets angry
The object will still do nothing and the two will keep arguing
It will turn out to be a crocodile and eat the water buffalo
the crocodile will eat the animal, the other guy will finally accept that it's a crocodile and not a log
The crocodile will eat/attack the wildebeest.
The wildebeest will float away on the log.
The wildebeest will jump up and down on the floating object to try and make it do something.
I think the question will be answered and it will be a crocodile.
i think the animal will fall in and be eaten
A couple of eyes will pop up from the water revealing that its an alligator/crocodile
I think the crocodile will still not appear out of the water
The "log" will start moving and turn out to actually be an alligator.
I think it is a crocodile he has just stood on.
if it is a branch, they will use this to cross the river
The crocodile will be annoyed with the buffalo for jumping on his back.
I think the crocodile will stay prone for a while longer, and when the bull gets off the crocodile will finally reveal itself and attack the bull.
I still think that it's a crocodile and that something will happen to the animal that just jumped on top of it.
The other animal will jump on what he thinks is a log.
The alligator will jump out of the water.
I think the log may start to sink
The tests to see if the object is a crocodile will get slightly more ludicrous until the beast is convinced it is a log. Then the croc will reveal themselves.
Still think that crocodile will go out of water
The log/croc will sink and the cow will freak out.
the bull will drag the item out of the water to the shore
the crocodile is going the eat him
The alligator will swim away with the animal on his back.
i think that the animal will fall into the water.
i think the other animal will go over to the log.
The croc/alligator might pop up and eat the one that's standing on it
It's actually just a log
The log/crocodile will begin to move.
I think that the animal that is on the shore is going to join his/her mate on the object in the water, in order to try and determine what the object is.
The log is actually an alligator so it will wake up and try to attack the animal.
I believe that a the ox will fall i nthe water, after it is revealed that the log is a crocodile
I think the thing is an alligator and will begin to move.
I think it is going to be a crocodile who will roll over and knock him off into the water!
Now I think the crocodile will pop up and possible eat of one the animals.
The animal is providing to the other that whatever in the water is safe.
I think the animal will sink
The thing in the water will turn out to be an alligator and the buffalo standing on it will be alarmed!
The croc will attack
I think the log will sink with the animal on
The object starts moving.
The object is a crocodile, who lifts up its head.
The cow on land will experience a mishap.
