keith is going to kill sara
i think sara calls the police
I think Sarah will exclaim in fear and surprise, and Keith will throw Patrick out the window and climb down the ladder.
Sarah confronts Keith about what he did.
Sarah calls the police.
Sarah helps Keith hide the evidence of his crime.
Keith is going to jump out the window now that he's been caught in a desperate attempt to distance himself from the situation
Sarah is going to faint as well.
Sarah is going to end up dying by accident due to seeing Keith dragging Patrick's body.
Keith kills Sarah
Keith will run into someone else
the main character will stop her as she tries to run away
the main character will toss the body outside and it will land on his boss
Sarah tells Keith she is calling the police.
Sarah will scream at Keith
Keith will kill Sarah
Keith kills Sarah.
Keith kills Sarah
sarah screams and security rushes up as serial killer keith tries to escape down the ladder.
Sarah falls in love with rugged murder Keith.
She may shout at the blue man.
She may be fainted.
She may be killed by the blue one.
She may get angry.
She may run down for help.
the pink lady will scream and the blue guy will fall out of the window or get pushed out of it.
Keith tries to explain to Sarah something or other but he doesn't know what to say.
Keith will try to find a way to silence his coworker but will end up making things worse for himself.
Sarah will be shocked and horrified at discovering Keith with Patricks mutilated body. Keith will try to explain what happened. At this time I predict the cops will show up since Bill phoned in an emergency call earlier.
Keith is going to jump to his death.
Sarah screams and faints.
Sarah would confront Keith and would call the police.
She screams and tries to notify authorities, but Keith subdues her and accidentally kills her too.
Sarah sees Keith and calls the police.
Sarah sees Keith and likes that he is such a powerful man that he was able to kill someone, so she falls in love with him.
Sarah sees Keith and faints.
sarah will just call the cops now to be honest
Sarah pushes him out the window
she is also going to die
Keith catches Sarah and after a struggle, pushes her out the window.
Keith will accidentally kill Sarah and push them out the window.
I think that Sarah is going to have an absolute meltdown, prompting Keith to pitch Patrick's body out the window where the ladder is, where it will tumble down to the ground below, joining the body already down there being attended to by the EMT's that were called there just moments earlier. Wow - this is a really crazy place to work.
Sarah is going to call security.
Sarah is going to pass out.
Keith does something to Sarah because she is a witness.
Sarah is going to be shocked at the sight of Patrick's dead body and then she is going to run away
