the blue guy throws the green one over the window
I think Keith drops Patrick as he's trying to get on the ladder
I think Keith decides to leave Patrick's body and climbs down the ladder alone.
As Kieth went out to the ladder he realized that there were people and the police below.
Keith will climb down the ladder and run directly into the ambulance personnel that are there for the other person who fell
They will both fall from the building.
Keith throws Patrick Campbell's body down the ladder.
He realized that sarah saw what he was doing and will wake up to tell the others.
the body will drop down
Keith Reynolds will realize he can't make it to the ground floor on those stairs.
I think Keith lets Patrick's body just fall.
blue guy might fall from the ladder and die as well.
blue buy will get caught by the security at the ground floor.
he realizes how much trouble he is in.
Patrick is still alive
Keith can't use the ladder while carrying Patrick so he drops him down first
Keith will drop the body. The film may be using the time loop gimmick.
He suddenly realized he could just let the body drop so it's assumed the coworker jumped to his death.
In the next 30 seconds Keith will most likely drop Patrick the floor he is in.
Keith realized Sara would be a witness against him and that he must now kill Sara.
Keith will fall taking Patrick out the window.
When he tries to get him down the ladder he can not hold him and drops him instead
keith realised he's not strong enough to carry patrick, and drops him to the ground
He realised that she would not like him because he has murdered his boyfriend
I think Keith will get stuck trying to get Patrick out down the ladder
Keith and Patrick fall in to a pile on the ground, possibly killing Keith. The both land on the body of the person that fell at the start of the video an are collected by the ambulance
He suddenly realized that he was going to have to kill the woman of his dreams too because she saw he was a murderer.
He suddenly realized that anyone passing out side would see him with the body.
patrick is going to fall off
keith lets go of the body outside the window and it falls
Patrick's weight on the ladder will be too much causing them both to die from the fall
Keith Reynolds drops the body out of the window to make it look like suicide.
Keith Reynolds kills Sarah as well
Keith Reynolds jumps out of the window and kills himself as he has been caught by too many people.
Keith realises he could make Patrick's death look like an accident, so he throws him out the window and walks down the stairs, and runs away from the scene of the crime.
He would not be able to descend the ladder holding Patrick's corpse.
The ladder is in full view of people out on the street.
He couldn't get a grip of Patrick and the body hurtled to the ground. He lucks out though, because someone had jumped earlier leaving two bodies splattered down below.
