Keith Reynolds and the green figure will awkwardly take the elevator down together.
Patrick joins Keith in the elevator
Keith will beat up the guy in the elevator
Patrick Campbell is very nice and friendly to Keith so that Keith cannot hate him.
Patrick Campbell snubs and humiliates Keith.
I think the green character will enter the elevator and the blue character will ride the elevator back to the bottom floor.
I think the character will enter the elevator and the other will assault him when the elevator door closes.
Patrick will get on elevator and Keith will do nothing to him.
Patrick is going to enter the elevator with him and there is going to be a fight.
I predict Keith will not speak to Patrick about what he just witnessed.
patrick will enter the elevator and kevin will injure him?
I think Keith is not going to say anything to Patrick.
He will yell at the other guy.
keith will walk away
keith will fight patrick
Patrick will get in the elevator and kieth will leave the elevator.
Keith will get angry after not getting the promotion.
Keith gets into a fight with the guy on the elevator.
Something will turn it around for him, and he'll get the promotion and the girl will leave the other guy for him.
The blue guy is gonna kill the green guy
He puts his head down and lets the doors close in his face.
Keith will try to fight Patrick.
An ambulance will show up for the person who fell.
I think Keith might confront Patrick.
Keith Reynolds will start a fight with Patrick and lose his job.
Keith Reynolds will get revenge on his work crush by blaming the man falling from the window on her.
Patrick gets on the elevator and Keith rides down with him.
Patrick and Keith will ride in the elevator and probably not talk to each other
Keith will hurt Patrick
Keith looks at Patrick and the elevator door closes.
Keith goes to give Sarah another coffee anyway.
I think Keith will punch Patrick
Keith will go back down the elevator and leave the building and go home because he is so upset by what he just saw.
Keith gets angry and punches Pat in the face.
Keith will have an issue with Patrick
Keith won't say anything, but is hurt by what he saw
Keith will attack Patrick and then sexually assault Sarah
Patrick gets in the lift with Keith. Keith says nothing.
Patrick gets in the lift with Keith and Keith punches him.
Patrick changes his mind and returns to Sarah. The lift doors close.
Patrick enters the elevator with Keith. Keith stands there sullen and sad waiting for the elevator to go down.
Keith may try to attack the green man as he got the promotion and keith didnt.
I think Keith will congratulate Patrick
I think Keith will stay quiet
