i think keith is going to get caught on the stairs
i think the woman will change her mind and take the elevator
I think Keith Reynolds will drag Patrick Henry up the stairs, see the woman coming down the stairs, and throw Patrick out of the window in desperation.
The police will arrive looking for the killer.
Keith will escape and run away to avoid being caught.
Keith will throw Patrick out the window in an attempt to frame it as suicide
Keith will get caught and jump out the window himself
Keith is going to bump into Ruth in the stairwell.
Susan calls the elevator and sees the blood.
Keith will be interrupted by Ruth Charles
the main character will get caught and have to kill the other person
Keith runs into Ruth on the stairs and she screams.
Keith will run into the woman in the stairs and have to kill her too
Keith will drag Patrick down the stairs but he will be caught by someone.
Keith meets the person trying to use the 7th floor toilet.
Kieth runs into her on the stairs on her way to the bathroom on the 7th and has to kill her also throwing her down the stairs. Kieth Reynolds is well on his way to being a serial killer now.
Kieth Reynolds runs into her on the stairs unable to catch up to her he begins his life on the run
She runs into Keith on the stairs and soils herself.
He may cover up the corpse.
He might get caught.
He may left the corpse in the elevator.
the blue takes the green guys body but gets discovered by the green lady
Keith will decide to throw him out the window.
Someone is going to walk in on Keith trying to get the body out of the building.
Keith in his attempt to drag Patricks body away down the stairs will run into the lady walking up the stairs. She will be startled and Keith will have to think quick again. Keith will most likely continue on his path of destruction and do what he can to silence the lady. This will cause the amount of chaos to escalade for Keith.
Keith is going to put Patrick's body in the women's restroom to frame Ruth.
Keith will hide the body in his office
Someone would notice Keith dragging the dead body
He puts Patrick in a closet until he can think of what to do with him.
He leaves Patrick on the floor while he goes to wash up and exit the building.
Keith will almost run into his coworker but will duck into a nearby office.
Keith will run into his coworker who is going to the restroom and she will help him dispose of the body.
he will get caught by the lady and she will call the cops on him for murder
Keith disposes of the body. Sarah finds out
she will walk in on him moving the body and scream
He notices the lady coming up the stairs, so he puts Patrick back into the lift and presses the stop button so no one can call it.
After the lady sees what he is doing on the stairs, he Keith decides to kill her also.
The lady will see the body and Keith will attack her too.
I think that Keith, Patrick and Ruth are going to meet up on the stairs and that it's gonna be awkwarrrrrrrd.
Keith is going to try to drag Patrick up the stairs, but will instead throw him out the window.
Keith is going to be caught by the lady coming up the stairs
