the blue individual pulls aut the green one out on the elevator
I think the elevator descends while the two men fight.
The two men will continue to fight in the elevator while the door closes and goes back up to the woman's office. She will see them fighting and shun them both.
I think the elevator will descend back to the second floor and the door will open so Sarah sees Keith standing over Patrick who has been badly beaten
I think the cops will arrive with the ambulance for the person who fell from the building and they will see Keith beating Patrick
He will get arrested for assaulting his co worker.
Keith Reynolds grabs the fire extinguisher and kills Patrick Campbell.
The elavator door closes and opens to Sarahs floor where she sees keith beating patrick.
the fight will continue and he will regret his actions
Keith Reynolds will beat up the other guy and win the fight.
I think the two of them will keep fighting.
blue guy will beat green guy enough to knock him out inside the elevator.
blue guy will kill green guy and take him somewhere hidden in the office.
Keith beats the other guy up and gets fired.
He is going to get arrested for attacking his colleague.
Keith will kill the green guy.
Keith turns and walks out of the elevator and leaves a crumpled coworker in the elevator.
In the next 30 seconds Keith will most likely kill the person in the elevator as he imagined he would earlier.
Keith Reynolds is very angry and beats up the other guy very badly.
Keith Reynolds continues to fight with the other guy who was kissing Sara, but the other guy kills Keith Reynolds.
Keith will kill the green man and go back to sarah.
Sarah will the see the blood and get scared.
they keep fighting until one man can not get up
keith will end up killing patrick, and running
It looks like he will kill the man who took his promotion and potential girlfriend.
I think the pair will continue fighting
They continue fighting the violence escalates to cartoon violence. Other employees see what is happening and join in
Human Resources gets on the elevator to go down and see if the ambulance has arrived and encounters this situation between the two men. All hell breaks loose.
Keith is going to kill the guy and throw it through the window
keith exits the elevator after the fight
Keith kills Patrick in the elevator.
Someone gets seriously hurt
Keith murders Patrick.
Keith runs away.
Patrick overwhelms Keith as the elevator door slide back open revealing a horrified Sarah. Keith tries to splutter an apology.
Keith's anger overwhelms him to the point where he loses all control and violently beats Patrick.
