I think Sarah will discover Keith's shenanigans.
Keith will try to hide the body
I think Sarah will find Patrick's dead body
Keith decides he isn't going to carry home Patrick's body right then and decides to hid it in an empty closet until he can get to it later.
Bill will find a way to not show the body of Patrick to everyone. So he decided to throw it on the window.
Sarah will discover Keith with Patrick's corpse.
Sarah catches Keith dragging the bodies down the stairs.
In a panic, he hides both bodies in the closet as fast as he can.
Keith gets frustrated and jumps off the building
The femme fatale will run into the murderer.
Sara will get in the elevator and see the blood
She will see Keith Reynolds and Patrick and she will be shocked
sarah will find out what happened
Sara heads up the stairs towards Patrick's office.
Keith Reynolds continues down the stairs with Patrick's body and decides to get the elevator at the next floor.
Keith leaves both bodies on the floor and runs downstairs yelling for help.
He is going to store Patrick's body in a closet. Sara is going to go up and Keith is going to throw her out of the window.
Keith will run into Sarah on the stairs.
Keith will decide not to take the body down the stairs and will place it somewhere different.
Sarah is going to run into Keith and Patrick as she goes to Patrick's office to see him
Keith drags the body to his office
I think would decide to dump the body in the office
He decides to use the elevator instead and get rid of the body.
He will stash the body in a closet.
She meets the man who killed Patrick on the way and asks him where Patrick is.
Sarah will bump into Keith
Sarah finds Keith in the stairwell
Sarah will go up the stairs and Keith will go down the elevator just missing her
Keith drags the body out of the building and puts it in his car and drives off
Shes gonna go on the elevator and see the blood and wonder what happened, and the Keith is going to continue going down the stairs but eventually get caught by the people that came to see the body that had fallen from the ladder at the beginning.
I think that Sarah will die next.
