I think they will continue to embrace as he remains silent, and the elevator doors will close.
Keith will get mad and she will feel shy
I think Keith will leave work and go to his car.
Keith Reynolds will stand there watching the couple kissing until the elevator door finally shuts back again.
Keith will enter the room and will make a scene
Keith will stay in the elevator and go up to a higher floor.
Keith goes to the ground floor to try to get into his car after this depressing day.
Keith will immediately quit his job, rush down stairs and leave work.
He confronts them.
He jumps from the building
He throws the other man kissing her off the building
The protagonist will become distraught.
I think Keith will get off the elevator and say something to the other guy or girl.
Keith Reynolds will go to the top and jump off the building.
he will attack the guy who got promoted
Keith Reynolds waits patiently for the elevator door to close.
The two kissers notice Keith Reynolds in the elevator watchiing them.
Keith closes the elevator doors, then goes to the bottom level
They door is going to stay open and Keith is going to have to watch them kiss longer.
The ambulance is going to show up and they are going to provide aide to whoever fell by the building.
Keith will go to the ground floor to leave.
Keith will step out of the elevator and interrupt the couple.
Keith is going to get very mad and decide to attack the other guy
Keith runs out of the elevator
I think Keith would probably exit the building
The man will get mad and attack the other man.
He will be jealous and go into a rage.
He is in a hurry to get back in the elevator.
Keith is going to press the elevator and become even more sad
Keith will quit and leave the building
Keith Reynolds will go to the bottom floor, walk to his car and drive home
The two who are kissing turn around and gasp as they see keith
Keith gets upset and tries to close the doors as fast as he can so he can leave the building and drive home.
Keith will jump out of the window.
