I predict the blue figure will walk up the stairs and into the building.
He would walk towards the gate
The actor will enter the house
The guy will go back to his car to retrieve his briefcase.
The guy will get something out of the trunk of the car.
The guy will climb the stairs.
I think the character will walk up the stairs and go into a building.
The character will try to climb the steps, then the building.
The man will knock on the wall to try to get through.
I predict the man will walk up the stairs.
the man will go up the stairs and into the door
I think he is going to go into the building for a meeting.
Man will walk up the steps.
The blue stick man will knock on the door
The blue stick man will go in side of the house because he lives there
I think the blue man will climb the stairs.
Keith is going to do something that is funny.
The man is going to go into the building.
He seems like he's having a bad day, so something bad is going to happen to him.
He'll stay home, and it'll be boring.
The figure will walk to the right and enter a building
He is walking up to the front door.
He will walk up the steps.
I think the blue figure will walk up the stairs.
He will launch a space ship.
The person will knock on the door.
The man in the hat will continue on to where he is going.
the person will go inside the building and work
I think the person will walk up to the tower.
I think the person will go back to the car to get something else.
I think someone will come out of the tower to meet the person who got out of the car.
I think the person will go back to the car
The man will walk up the steps and enter the building.
The person will climb the stairs.
The man goes inside the building
The stick man will walk up the stairs and pull out a gun
The man walks up the steps and into the building.
The man walks up the steps and knocks on a door.
The man walks up the steps, has second thoughts, and returns to his car.
The man will walk up the stairs and enter the building.
He will enter the building.
I think the man will climb up the stairs
I think the man will get back in his car for a while
