the individual returns to the first office
I think Keith sees Sarah embracing the other man.
I think Keith punches the other man
Kieth will see that the other man got hired for the job and is after the woman he has an affection for.
Kieth will offer the woman tea after he sees the other man in the office with her.
I think Keith will flip out when he sees Sarah hugging the other guy (Phil) and fight him
Keith will confront the person who got his promotion, and call him out. He will also quit his job.
Keith Reynolds sees someone else making out with Sarah, and doesn't bother getting out of the elevator.
Keith is upset by his crush being interested in someone else, he jumps out of the window.
Keith will see what is going on with the woman he likes and get sad
Keith Reynolds will be surprised when he says the woman with the guy who got his promotion and will leave feeling depressed.
I think he will watch the other two embrace and then get back on the elevator.
blue guy will get surprised and get into a physical fight with the green guy.
Blue guy will get into a verbal fight with the green guy.
Keith walks in and sees the girl he likes with someone else and gets really sad.
Keith is going to quit his job.
Keith will be upset by what he sees.
The elevator will open and he will see the coworker embracing the girl he likes.
Keith will look sad and dejected, walking away.
In the next 30 seconds Keith will become disappointed and sad in the fact that the person he likes chose someone else instead of him.
Keith Reynolds is going to find the girl he likes in another man's arms. Keith Reynolds will become highly upset.
Keith Reynolds is going to walk onto the fourth floor and find the girl he likes, Sara, in the arms of another man. Keith Reynolds will turn and walk away, dejected.
Keith will see Sarah with the other man.
An ambulance will arrive to see about the man who jumped out of the building
He sees them hugging and gets upset. He jumps out the window.
keith will see them hugging/kissing. he'll get angry and start a fight
He will jump off the building.
I think Keith will walk in on Sarah and Patrick in an embrace and get angry
Keith Reynolds is upset by the interaction with his colleague and Sarah. He goes to the top of the building and carries out the same act as the person who called the ambulance witnessed
Keith walks out to see the two embracing. He is so beside himself with no promotion and the woman of his dreams in someone else's arms that he walks out on his job
Reynolds will see Sarah hugging the guy who got the promotion and he feels very bad
keith reynolds will see sarah in another's arm
Keith sees Sara and the other man hugging and decides to just leave.
He finds them hugging and is upset
She tells him she has given the promotion to someone else.
He makes her another cup of coffee or tea
Keith sees the others hugging and jumps out the window.
Keith is shocked to see Patrick and Sarah embrace. He finally snaps and screams at them both.
Keith is ready to confront Patrick and Sarah until everyone is distracted by the commotion caused by something or someone falling from the building,
