Keith Reynolds will throw the green figure out the window.
Keith would attempt to go down using the ladder
Keith will throw the dead body out of the window
Sarah will find Keith with Patrick's body and will somehow end up getting killed.
Keith will kill Sarah.
I think the blue character will throw the body out the window and continue out the window himself.
I think that the character will look out the window and see that he can't go down the ladder because the ambulance is already there.
Keith tries to get patrick down the outside ladder but he falls instead.
Keith is going to drop the body when he exits the window.
Keith will be caught in the midst of taking the ladder outside the office, with Patrick's dead body by Patrick's girlfriend.
he will go down the ladder and the ambulance will be there
I think Keith is going to run into whoever is responding to the first person that fell past the window.
He will climb out the window with the body but be spotted by Sara.
he will throw patrick from the window/ floor
he will take him home
he will pin this murder on he love interest because she doesnt like him
Patrick will fall down and Keith will make it look like a suicide.
Keith will get caught trying to hide the body.
he gets on the ladder and is caught by the police
The pink woman will find the green woman and panic and throw her out the window. The blue guy will drop the green guy out of the window. Then he will jump out and kill himself.
He will drop the body out of the window
He climbs down the ladder with the corpse and runs into the ambulance guys.
Sarah will find the other body soon.
Patrick will drop the body off the building.
I think someone else will see Keith.
Keith will get caught by his work crush, carrying the body of Patrick.
Keith tosses the body out the window as Sarah sees him going out the window
Patrick will go out the window after he throws Keiths body out the window.
Keith will be caught again
Keith loses his balance and drops Patrick out the window.
Keith will toss the body out of the window
As Keith climbs down the ladder outside he will be spotted by the ambulance drivers who were called earlier.
Keith will push Pat out of the window.
He will fall down the ladder
Keith will bump into Sarah and sexually assault her. He will ejaculate on the dead man.
Keith throws the body out of the window before going down the ladder himself.
Keith puts the body out the window and it falls. The ambulance is down there already and it's all over for keith.
Keith will go out of the window to get rid of the man he killed.
I think Keith will fall off the ladder
