the individual takes their luggage and leaves
Keith will get back on the elevator.
I think Keith will go to his interview.
Keith will try to offer the woman something else to get her attention.
I think Keith will sit down at his desk and begin to work hard in an effort to look good to get the promotion
Keith will continue to try to get her to want her to spend the rest of her life with him. After he gets promoted.
Keith Reynolds will go up to his boss' office.
Keith go up the elevator to his respective floor.
the woman will throw the coffee in the trash and the guy will continue to his meeting
Keith Reynolds will ask the woman if she would like to have a cup of coffee with him.
I think he will go to his desk and sit down.
blue guy will take something else out of his suitcase to give to the pick lady.
blue guy will take suitcase and walk into the elevator.
Keith Reynolds does not get the promotion.
He will not get the promotion
Keith will sit at his desk.
She will put the coffee down and forget about it and he will walk away thinking he's impressed her with his kindness.
In the next 30 seconds Keith will go upstairs where he will likely get promoted.
Keith Reynolds will be working very late tonight to impress his boss and try to get a promotion.
Keith Reynolds had plans to work late on a project to impress his boss, but he was tempted to do something else instead.
Keith will walk up the stairs to his office.
He will get his stuff out and put it on his desk
the woman throws the coffee away, keith continues up the building
He will not be promoted.
I think she might pour the coffee away?
Keith Reynolds will make himself a coffee before sitting behind the desk and doing work that makes him look like he is busy but actually isnt
He sits down in his office and puts his feet up waiting for the boss to come and get him for his promotion meeting.
he'll try his best to impress her, telling her he got a promotion
keith reynolds will go into an office room
I think he will get the promotion but not the girl.
She doesn't give him the promotion he is wanting
Keith gets back into the elevator and Sarah throws the coffee in the trash.
Keith makes himself a coffee and gets back in the elevator. He gets out on another floor and sits at a desk.
He will offer to get Sarah a coffee.
He will break his routine as its promotion day and not offer Sarah a coffee.
