i think the man will get fired
i think the man will get promoted
i think a meteor will hit the building
I think Keith Reynolds will talk to the secretary before going into the office.
Keith receives the promotion he wants.
Keith does not receive the promotion he wants.
Something will go horribly wrong at the office (probably related to the person falling) which will distract everyone enough to forget about promotions entirely
Keith is going to get into an argument with Patrick.
The guy who was supposed to promote Keith jumped out of the window
We will here more about Patrick
Keith will not be getting the promotion
i think we will follow this patrick character for a little before returning to the main character
Keith will sit down and await his review after exchanging a few nice words.
Something strange will happen with Patrick Campbell on another floor
Keith will not get his promotion
I think it will just continue to be a somewhat dull story about this guy Keith and whats going on in the office. Not very much to predict.
Keith Richards will not get the promotion
Patrick Campbell goes down to the 4th floor and gets a date with the girl.
Patrick Campbell stumbles across the dead body on his way out.
Patrick Campbell is surprised that the girl on the 4th floor agreed to a date for lunch that was immediately ruined by the dead body.
He may get back to his car.
He may get a call.
He may fall down.
He may open the door.
He may talk to the red person.
the blue guy tries to for a handshake with the red guy
He goes to the boss's desk and starts talking to him.
Keith will get the news that he did not get the promotion he has been wanting.
I predict that Keith will go into his managers office and have a talk with his manager in regards to his promotion I feel that he will not get the promotion and he will not get the girl causing some trouble to arise. While this is going on the emergency team will respond to the call made by the HR guy Bill.
Keith Richards is going to miss getting his promotion because of the person falling to their death.
The guy who was going to promote Keith jumped out the window
Reynolds would be surprised that nobody cared about his promotion.
Keith will ask what is wrong.
Keith will walk into an office and meet with his boss.
he will get into a fight with one of the other guys out of jealousy
The company checks who falls out building
the guy got the job before him and thewoman he wants fancies him instead
The story will now follow Patrick Campbell down the lift, where he will stop at the 4th floor and speak to the lady who was bending over. She is romantically interested in him.
Patrick will go down to the lady and she'll accept a cup of coffee.
I think that Patrick Campbell is going to go downstairs to Sarah (I think that's her name) and kiss her because they are actually in a relationship, despite the fact that Keith wants to be with her for the rest of his life.
We are going about someone else that is also up for the promotion.
The narrator will discuss Patrick. We will see Keith go into his promotion meeting. An ambulance will arrive for the window cleaner.
