i think barry helps keith inside
i think barry pushes the ladder
i think barry does nothing
I think Keith will wave to Barry, and then jump off the ladder.
Keith falls down to the ground.
Keith interacts with the guy mopping the floor.
The ladder will tilt enough to send Keith falling the rest of the way down onto the parking lot below
Keith is going to wave to Barry.
Barry will wave back to Keith.
Keith will continue repelling down the rope like nothing even happened.
Keith commits suicide and jumps off the ladder as Barry watches.
Keith will fall off of the ladder
i think the main character will be helped by barry
the main character tells barry to do better and quit
Barry wonders why Keith is outside on the stairs and walks over, looks out the window and sees Patrick lying on the ground below.
Barry will clean the blood
Keith is finally caught and stopped.
Keith falls to his death
Barry seemingly thinking that keith was trying to take his own life tries to rescue him from the wobbling ladder and falls out the window.
Kieth locks eyes with him and they fall in love.
Mob cleaner may see the blue one.
The blue one will fall down.
The blue one will call the floor cleaner.
Blue one may be saved by the floor cleaner.
the blue will either fall down the ladder or talk to the janitor guy
Keith then falls and it all starts over again with Gary.
Keith will realize he didn't have it bad afterall and give himself up.
I predict that Barry the janitor will help Keith come back into the building. Keith will think about what he has done and try to think about what to do next.
Keith will have an Epiphone is then going to fall to his death.
Barry pushes the ladder and Keith falls
Barry would see Keith dropping down to the ground in a suicide attempt.
Barry calls security.
Keith saw Barry right before his ladder tipped over and he fell to his death.
Keith waved hello to Barry, who then helped him mop up the mess he made with the murder.
the janitor will call the cops on him because of him hanging out the window like that.
Keith commits suicide
he is going to fall down the ladder
The ladder falls backwards and Keith dies.
Barry the janitor helps Keith by pulling the ladder back towards the building.
Keith drops to his death
I think that Keith and Barry are going to share a very surreal, awkward moment together before Keith continues down the ladder.
Keith is going to fall of the ladder.
Keith is going to lean backwards on the ladder and fall. Barry is going to be shocked.
