i think the person will take off his hat and sit at a desk
i think the man will get shot
i think the man will trip and fall
I think Keith Reynolds will climb the stairs to his office.
Keith will sit down at a desk and work
Keith will talk to coworkers
Keith(?) will head to their desk and work hoping for a promotion
Keith Reynolds will enter the building.
Keith will interact with the people inside the building.
Kieth will not get his promotion
We will continue to hear more about Keith life
i think the main character will head to his boss and not get the promotion.
i think he will slowly make his way to his office and his co worker will give him congratulations
I think Keith will walk to the desk and check himself in.
The blue man will say hello to his coworkers
Keith will continue into the office as the story is narrated.
The narrator will say Keith Reynolds is in line for a promotion
Kieth is finally getting the promotion he deserves only to find out he should have had it years ago.
Keith Reynolds gets fired from his job after 8 long years.
Kieth finds out the new hire got the promotion over him causing him to quit after 8 years.
He may get a hearty welcome by his colleagues.
The blue guy will go into the elevator.
He will stop at the desk and talk to the receptionist.
Keith will walk past coworkers congratulating another coworker on their promotion.
Keith Reynolds is walking into the building and I predict that he will be greeted by some workers and go straight to his desk looking out of it and just distant from everyone else.
I think Keith Reynolds is going to find out that he hasn't been given the promotion.
We will learn about Keith's work history.
Reynolds is congratulated by co-workers for getting a promotion.
He will go in and greet his co workers.
I think Keith will walk in the building and say hello to the people inside.
he (keith) is getting promoted and is excited. he will be in for a surprise as he will not get promoted.
He expects to be promoted
he will not get the promotion
I think Keith will go into the lift and walk over to his desk. The narrator will keep telling us the story of Keith and building up an expectation that he will get a promotion today.
Nobody in the office will react to Keith entering the office.
I think that the audience is going to learn a bit more about Keith and his job at the company.
Keith is going to go into the elevator.
Keith is going to talk to someone in the lobby.
The narrator will continue to tell the story of Keith Reynolds and the video will show Keith at work.
