i think the 2 men will fight in the elevator
i think keith will jump from the top floor to his death
i think that keith will quietly go to his desk and work
I think Patrick Campbell will get out of the elevator on the 3rd floor, and Keith Reynolds will stay inside clutching his briefcase.
Keith will stay silent on the elevator.
Keith will get into an altercation with the other man.
The person falling out of the window will be in some way related to the anger that Keith now feels for Patrick
Keith is going to plan a way to get back at Patrick.
Keith is going to do something to Patrick in retaliation.
Kieth attacks the guy who got the promotion and stole the girl he liked.
Keith will think about doing something to Patrick
i think keith will lose his temper and attack patrick
the main character will fall into depression and go back to work
Keith attacks Patrick in the elevator.
Keith will commit violence on Patrick
Keith is going to hit Patrick with his suitcase.
Keith Reynolds does not harm the green man
Keith Reynolds beats up Patrick Campbell in the elevator and gets arrested.
Kieth Reynolds waits for Patrick to get off the elevator and goes to the roof to think.
He may reach the sixth floor
He may have a word with the green one.
He may cry.
He may down the first floor.
He may left the office
the blue guy will be sad and maybe attack the green guy
Keith is thinking to himself but he hasn't done anything yet, nor will he right away
Keith will want to get back at his coworker but won't have the guts to do it.
I predict Keith will hold his anger inside during the elevator ride with Patrick but in his head he will be scheming something wicked to get back at Patrick for taking his promotion along with Sarah.
Keith is going to beat up Patrick in the parking lot.
Keith will do something mean to patrick
Reynolds would argue with the lady.
Keith will ignore Patrick.
Keith will talk to Campbell as if nothing happened and not say anything about his relationship with his dream girl.
they men will both fight inside the elevator
Keith punches Patrick
he is going to hit him with his briefcase
Both men get off the same floor, where Keith either attacks Patrick or makes plans to.
Keith will push patrick out of the window.
I think that Keith is going to calmly begin to lose his mind.
Keith is going to fight Patrick.
Keith is going to fight Patrick.
