I think the rock will end up as a grain of sand on the beach.
I think the rock will wash ashore somewhere and no longer be in the water. I think the rock will be on a beach.
It will get dragged onto the deep ocean before it get grabbed again by another human.
The cannon ball will hit an enemy ship and destroy it.
The rock creature will find a new home in the sea.
A big fish will accidentally eat the rock and send him to a different location in the ocean.
The main rock will land into a new group of rocks and start a new home with them.
after several years a man find the stone
I think the rock will get stuck on the other rocks and be eroded by the water.
The rock creature will somehow get back on land after traveling unwilling through the ocean.
The rock is going to wash up on a beach.
Someone is likely to pick up the rock from the river
The rock has been completely lost inside the ocean and is struggling to find a home.
The rock will find a friend under the sea
I think that the rock is going to continue to be moved by the current until he lands in a spot that he is happy with.
the rock will land and become part of a coral reef
The rock will meet new rocks
I believe the rock will find more rock friends underwater and become happy.
He'll wind up right back where he started - I think and I hope.
the rock will move on to different location
The rock will sleep in the water.
The rock will end up at the bottom of the sea.
The rock will be transported away and eventually end up in a new area
The rock will settle at the bottom of the ocean and fall asleep.
The rock will be picked up by a child throwing pebbles on the lake
I think the rock will be taken away by the flow of the water and lodge on a shore somewhere.
I think that once the rock is on the shore, either a human or an animal will come and pick it up.
The rock will land with all the other rocks and stay there.
The rock will travel to the sea.
The rock will be caught by fishermen.
Cycle starts again with a new rock
The water will wash what is left of the rock onto a beach
