I have no idea. The rock is going to go to sleep and wake up a mountain again?
A small piece of the rock makes it back to the water to be with other rocks.
Someone will step on the rock and he will get caught in the person's shoe.
Ok, so now that it's sand sized, it'll be melted down into glass or something and probably turned into art.
I think a war has started and a bomb will fall on the rock in the garbage dump.
The rock gets grinded down into dust for a project home
The rock will get crushed.
The rock will be squeezed together with other rocks and become bigger again.
he will be put into a building
I think he'll get repurposed as sand into something else, maybe a sandbag for defense against a flood?
A storm will start and wash him off of his pile.
A gust of wind soon takes the rock away.
Stone same position It come back Mountain
Someone finds him and doesn't let him sleep
Thinking he'll finally catch some zz some kids appear and start playing in the sand.
I think the rock will find himself at the junkyard
It will be stopped from sleeping
the stone feeling sad for all breakdowns.
I think the rock will be picked up and pressed into a big garbage cube.
I think the rock will remain at the dump for a very long time until all the rest of the garbage disintegrates or is moved/recycled.
The rock, now as small as a grain of sand, will get stepped on by a beachgoer and get stuck in the treads of his sandal.
I think the rock will be taken out to sea.
Hopefully the poor rock finally gets to have a rest, but I think something bad will happen again.
The pebble will be trampled by various people passing by.
I think in the next 30 seconds the rock will be crushed underneath some garbage because he was in a junk yard.
I don't know how it become smaller! Made into a sandcastle then washed to sea?
The rock will attempt to hide in order to go to sleep and rest
He will get squashed and shatter into smaller pieces
A child comes along and builds a sandcastle with the sand that the rock is part of.
The rock/pebble is ground to a grain of sand before being used in cement for building
I think the rock which has now been turned to a grain of sand is going to be washed up by the sea.
