the stone finally gets to rest.
The rock will live the rest of its life in the museum
The rock will remember seeing the old man when the man was younger.
Someone will purchase him
The rock will try to escape from the display stand
The rock will be featured in a newspaper article.
The rock will be put in storage at the museum/.
People will take pictures of the rock.
The rock will roll over and break the glass and escape the museum.
The rock finds a way to break out of the museum.
The rock will escape the museum.
somebody is gonna steal him and take him home.
The rock will finally get some rest.
the rock stays in the museum
I think the rock will eventually wear down to just a pebble.
I think someone is going to steal the rock from the display and walk away.
The rock will return to the earth and become a part of it
The rock will somehow leave the museum and be broken down further.
The rock is going to get out of the museum somehow to progress the story, but i'm not quite sure how. Maybe someone will call him on on being a fake fossil?
I think a disaster will strike the museum and shake the rock free, returning it outside.
The rock will make his way into the pocket of the man with the cane.
The rock will be sold to a collector and carved down further
The museum will close for the night and the rock will escape
The rock will escape the museum by hiding in someone's bag
The rock will try to find somewhere peaceful to sleep
The rock will be stolen by a thief.
I think the museum might be burgled and the rock stolen
people are coming to see the rock who is now an ornament
i think he might try to escape the museum
the rock will be bought from the auction and start a new life as something else
The Rock is being taken to a museum to be shown to the public as an artifact.
Someone will wait till nightfall and break into the museum. They will smash open the exhibition case with a crowbar and remove the fossils, including our friend the rock. The thief will put the fossils in his swag bag and creep out of the museum into the night.
The rock will be picked up by a child
I think the rock will interact with other rocks in the museum
A small child will be fascinated my the fossil in the rock and steal it
