She will fire up the new bot and be excited for a while.
The woman will sit down at the dinner table and try the conversation with the new android.
I think that she will sit down with the new robot.
She feels a bit sad but turns back to interact with her new robot.
The other robot is activated and get acquainted with his new master.
Woman turns new robot on
Not sure at this point.
The woman will set up the new robot to sit at the dining table.
The woman powers on the machine and introduces herself.
I think the woman will turn on her new robot and introduce herself to him.
I think the woman will finish unwrapping her new robot and read any paperwork that came with it.
The woman will not regret her choice, and initially, she will be happy with the upgraded model.
She will take off the ring and try out her new robot husband and see what he is like.
She will regret getting the new robot and want the old one back.
WOMAN PUTS RING ON NEW ROBOT.
I think that she will turn her new ordered boyfriend on.
The new model won't perform the way she expects it to and she will be mad.
The woman will get the boyfriend ready then turn him on.
She fully puts the wedding ring on her new robot boyfriend/husband. She then activates him by pressing the switch found on the back of his neck.
The female is surprised and maybe disappointed by the actions of this robot
I think the woman will start crying as the old husband is wheeled away, and then she will turn on the new husband.
The robot will be boring
She will turn on the robot and have herself another companion
She will look affectionately one more time at the old robot and turn on the new one.
She will miss the old model.
i think the new robot will wake up
i think she will regret her decision to get a new unit
She turns on the new model robot and they greet each other.
She turns on the new robot.
The new guy will be irritating and stupid and she won't like him either. She will end up returning him too.
They will have wild sex
She tests out the new model, only to find it too has issues.
She changes all the pictures in the house and continues her relationship with the new model, when he awakes he doesn't know any different, she will give him all the memories that she had with her previous model and start a new old life with the new model.
