The man gets upset at the comment made about sex and throws something at the women. Maybe an anniversary gift that he bought her.
The man will leave the table
The man will argue with her.
Now he's going to be offended that she criticized their sex, so they'll have good/passionate sex.
He's going to say something rude to her, which she totally deserves.
He will leave the table
she now hates him will break up
I believe the man and woman in the video will continue to fight.
I think the two will have intercourse now.
he stands up from the table and yells at her
He will begin raising his voice.
One of them will leave the room.
He is going to become angry in response to her comment about their low quality sex life, and will start to attack her own qualities as a girlfriend or her negative contributions to the relationship.
I think the man will attempt to blame the wife for the issues.
I think the man will yell and scream at the woman.
they will continue to argue over dinner
The couple will continue to argue.
The boyfriend will yell at her.
The couple will kiss each other and have sex.
The guy will light on fire due to the cigarette and alcohol combination.
The two people will have an argument due to the woman not feeling satisfied.
They will have sex.
the boyfriend will react very poorly to her statement.
I think they will continue arguing and/or one of them will leave the room.
The man will reply by smoking another cigarette
The man will start smashing things.
He will make a crude comment about how she is during sex.
The boyfriend is going to hit the girlfriend.
The boyfriend is going to lose his temper and yell at the girlfriend.
The man gets offended and raises his voice to the woman.
The man gives the woman a present for their anniversary.
The man throws his plate and food on the floor.
He gives her what she wants.
i think the husband would leave angrily
push his plate off the table
The man will lose his temper and leave
I think that the man will start laughing hysterically
