I think the man will be angry.
The man will stand up and become angry
He will storm out of the room.
The man wipes his face off and remains calm.
I think the man will clean himself off and leave the table.
He will get up and walk away from the table.
She will scream at him that she wants some passion.
He will slowly wipe his face.
She will start laughing.
they start arguing
the man will stand up from the table and try to get physical with his girlfriend (slap, grab harshly, etc)
i think the man in the video is going to hit the women next.
The lady will attempt to throw the wine glass at him and things will escalate so quickly
The man will try to calm her down and apologize
In the next 30 seconds I predict the women will continue to get angry with the boyfriend and the boyfriend will remain seated confused.
The man continues eating
I think that the man will remain seated but begin to get visibly angry at the woman.
I think that the woman will ask why he doesn't care about their anniversary.
The boyfriend will reluctantly drink.
I think the woman will begin yelling at the man and telling him about the things he has done wrong.
I think the woman will sit back down and keep acting like nothing just happened.
I think the man will wipe his face and continue eating.
I think the man will get up and walk away.
The man will he shocked.
The man will ignore the fact that the wine was thrown on him and continue to eat.
The man will make a demeaning comment about the woman.
He is going to get up and yell back at her.
The man will continue to eat his food as if nothing happened.
The man will get annoyed at the woman and chug the entire bottle of wine.
The man reacts calmly and wipes his face as the woman gets more upset because the man continues to show little emotion.
The man will walk out of the room
I think she's going to storm out of the room upset that her boyfriend isn't hearing her frustration with his indifference to her emotions.
I think the man will try to calm the woman down as she is angry that he won't have a glass of wine of their anniversary
I think the man will pretend the woman didn't just throw a drink on him and try to continue the conversation. He will then get up from the table and walk away
