The new unit will familiarize itself with its surroundings.
The new android will be an improvement
The woman is going to pour some wine and speak to the man
The new model will be just as boring as the older model.
The man will say: "Thank you for this delicious food, darling".
I think they will resume eating dinner the way the video started as if it is their anniversary.
The robot starts to eat the foods and makes some comments about the foods.
He will be as defective as the other robot.
The new husband will start to eat dinner with his new wife and they'll get along better.
The woman is going to "condition" the new robot husband to her liking
She asks him how his day went. He will ask how her day was also, and they will get along good.
The robot will eat the rest of the food at the table.
I think the new robot is going to talk exactly like the male old robot and have the same boring mannerisms.
I think she will get rid of him too
The boyfriend will try to adapt to the new environment and the girlfriend.
The new robot husband will be more adventurous and exciting for the lady.
The new model will complete her.
He will begin to eat like he has been there the whole night.
They will start arguing like she was with the old model
The woman and her new robot will flirt.
This new guy is really crazy and she doesn't end up liking him either. He's actually kind of abusive.
the machine will try and figure out whats going on with his new environment
they are going to speak and break the ice
I think he will light up a smoke.
This boyfriend will also do something wrong that upsets the girlfriend.
She will talk to the robot but the robot would be confsued where he is.
An awkward first date will commence.
she will pour him a drink and he will be thankful for it
She would start a conversation with him
The scene that began this movie will resume; this new dead husband replacement (I knew it and the wedding ring confirmed it!) will now step into the other schlub's role as this lady's grief-processing object. This new husband will (for now) be better at sating the main character's grief and loss, but she will never be able grow as a person this way, or truly allow her husband to die.
