The girl finishes drinking her wine and eating dinner before taking the man up to bed but not before she turns him back on for mechanical sex
The wife will yell again.
She'll try to change him somehow, maybe reprogram him or something, then turn him back on.
wow. Um, I seriously have no idea. Maybe she'll have another glass of wine.
She will start crying
still think she is going to breakup with him
I think the woman will continue to eat and drink her dinner staring at the robot boyfriend.
I think the woman will bring the man back to life.
she talks to herself
She will drink some more wine.
She will talk to herself / think out loud.
She will think quietly for a bit and then continue finishing her dinner.
There will be an additional robot she goes to afterwards, or she will refresh this robot and wipe his memory in some way from the previous interaction.
I think the woman will talk at the robot and complain.
I think the woman will continue to drink and relax not having to worry about the man.
she will talk to herself about the robot.
the woman will just talk to the robot.
The woman will start crying.
She will reboot the robot back up and he will not remember anything.
she will dispose of his body.
I think she will finish her meal and then move the robot man into another location.
The woman is going to talk about how she regrets buying this boyfriend
The woman will finish drinking the bottle of wine.
She will tell him how she feels about their relationship while he is 'turned' off.
The girlfriend is going to leave the robotic boyfriend there and she is going to got o bed.
The girlfriend is going to smoke a cigarette in the house.
The woman says something like "this is not what I was expecting"
The woman calls the robot costumer support and asks how to reprogram the robot.
The woman starts drinking more.
She gets an upgrade for him.
i think the wife would feel happy
she is going to turn him back on
she will masturbate
she will have sex with him while he is switched off
The woman will keep drinking and switch hime back on
I think she will pour a glass of wine and light a cigarette
