They upgrade the women to a higher model of man and this one is more positive and enjoys having sex.
The wife will replace her husband.
They'll send her a new, completely different "hot and fun" robot man and she'll be excited at first. Then eventually realize that one doesn't satisfy her either.
The customer support person is going to ask her which model she has in mind.
She will get the robot changed with a new one
so she wants to trade him in (like breaking up)
I think the woman in the video will continue to order her new boyfriend on the phone.
I think the woman will end up getting another robot boyfriend and like him more.
the operator agrees with the woman's request
We will see the new model arrive to her home.
She will pack this model away and will receive the new model.
The original model will turn back on or will become sentient in some way, will react to the situation and what she is doing to him.
I think she is going to continue to customize her new robot to her likings and receive instructions for getting rid of the current one.
the new model of robot that she ordered will arrive.
She will order a robot that is better and like it better.
The woman will order a new boyfriend.
She will get rid of her current robot and buy the robot that is of a higher model.
The original robot will wake up and find her trying to replace him.
the company will send the woman a newer model of boyfriend
I think she is going to attempt to purchase a different model but then I think the one in the dining room will "wake up".
The woman will continue to order her upgraded boyfriend
The woman buys another boyfriend robot for herself.
she places an order for a more adventureous unit.
A new boyfriend will arrive but she's also not going to be satisfied with this one.
The customer service lady says that they are out of the sportier model and suggests something else.
The customer service lady says that they have a sportier model and they can have it delivered in an hour.
The new model comes in
i think she is trying to re program her husband to her taste
she will order a new robot
The woman upgrades but is still unsatisfied
The unit wakes up/turns back on
