The man will call up the bot company for a replacement.
The man go to order another android.
I think that the man will call and want a new woman.
He watches a program, relaxes and thinks about what to do.
He will call and get a new mate.
Man orders a new female robot
He's going to watch a sports game. Cool twist
The boyfriend will now order a new robot girlfriend.
The man will turn off the TV and go to bed.
I think the man will watch tv for awhile and then decide to order a new wife.
I think that it show what's on the television and that robot have taken over the world.
Really didn't see that coming! I predict that the man will watch sports and eventually turn the woman back on.
She will stay turned off and he will keep watching tv.
He will most likely order a new female robot, and they will both go into a loop shutting each other off.
ROBOT ORDERS NEW WIFE.
I think the boyfriend may end up ordering a new girlfriend.
This will have been an advertisement of some sort.
The man will call the company to exchange his girlfriend for a boyfriend.
He continues to watch whatever sports game is currently on the television.
The male robot finds itself in charge and orders a new robot girlfriend
I think the man will call the company to order a new wife.
He will order another robot
Wow,that was very unexpected. He will enjoy watching the TV and enjoy the rest of his night.
Not sure I would have predicted that! He is going to watch the game and have her returned.
He will order another model.
i think the man will turn the woman back on
i think the man will smile and enjoy watching tv
The second robot gets bored and goes back and turn the lady robot back on.
She wakes up confused later.
He will call the same number and have her swapped for another woman he thinks he will like better.
She will wake up
Again, feels like the scene is over. Maybe we get some info on their society as a whole. Is everyone a robot?
He will phone up and swap her with a different model
