The girlfriend will make an argument about smoking.
He will get up and leave the table.
The woman will get more upset with the man and try to make him stop smoking.
The woman will hit the man for smoking in her house.
The man will finish smoking his cigarette.
The woman will say something that will upset her boyfriend.
I think he will lose his temper.
The man continues to smoke and the woman keeps on arguing.
The couple will keep fighting.
He'll keep smoking, and she'll drink more wine. They'll keep arguing.
The man is going to walk out on the woman.
He will get up and give her the cigarette.
The lady will admonish the man for smoking. The man will finish the cigarette and leave the room.
See, I knew she was mad. I think he is going to accidentally set the table cloth on fire.
she will say he sucks at sex
The boyfriend will get extremely angry because of the wife attitude
I think the guy in this video is going to blow up and yell at the lady.
The guy might even leave.
I think the boyfriend will continue to ignore her and she will try getting his attention.
He will continue to smoke the cigarette without looking her in the eyes.
I think that the man will continue smoking and the argument will get worse.
Girlfriend goes off at him for smoking and he storms out.
the main characters are going to have a fight
they are going to continue to argue and he is going to enjoy his cigarette
I think she will angrily pour the rest of the bottle into her glass.
The boyfriend will continue smoking while the girlfriend complains about the relationship.
The guy will continuing smoking his cigarette and the girl will continue to freak out.
He's going to kill her.
i think they are going to have an argument
he will walk out of the house
They will continue their conversation
As mentioned, this scene will continue to escalate, with each of them trying to outdo the other with inappropriate and aggressive behavior. I think it will end with them breaking up, because they aren't a very functional couple. I was surprised that the boyfriend is a computer programmer and not a doctor, the first segment used creative suggestions to mislead me into thinking he was an M.D.
OK, so said Wild-West bloodbath didn't happen yet, cest la vie. But pretty soon the boyfriend may snap and become an American Psycho-style character. He's definitely tense as tightly coiled steel, and is liable to lose touch with reality any moment. I would advise his wife to flee ASAP!
