After asking the new man if he wants a glass of wine, he responds exactly like the previous man. He isn't more exciting than the last one or more motivated.
The woman will become angry again
She will realize that she's not going to be happy with any robot man she orders.
I think she is going to really regret her decision trading in the other robot.
She will get angry about his response
same problem she had before she is upset
I think the woman in the video will get angry at the new boyfriend for not wanting a glass of wine like the other boyfriend.
I think the woman will realize that she made a mistake in ordering this robot.
she gets angry at him
She will throw wine at him.
She will persuade him to drink some wine.
She will shut him off.
She's going to have a breakdown over the fact that this was a lateral move and this new model is just as uninterested in her (seemingly) as the previous one was.
I think she is going to attack the robot and destroy it.
I think she is going to call the company and order another one.
she will shut him down too, and then order another robot.
She will realize she has the same model only in a different body.
The woman will be disappoint it again by the new model.
The robot does not meet her expectations and she will try to order another one, repeating the cycle.
she will find herself unhappy with the new unit as well, realizing how similar they are.
I think they will continue talking and eating dinner.
I think maybe the cycle will repeat and she will get mad this robot it also uptight and will ever relax" and will say it is their anniversary.
The woman is going to call the robotics company back to get a new model again
The woman will return the new robot to the manufacturer.
She will be disappointed in the new model as well.
She is going to be upset he does not want a glass of wine and is also going to throw it into his face.
She is going to yell at the new boyfriend because she is unsatisfied again.
She tells him happy anniversary.
She tries to persuade him to drink some wine.
She thinks that she is back to the same situation as the first robot.
She can't get along with any of them.
i think she would get what she want
she is going to be very disappointed
She realises the situation hasnt improved
i think she throws the wine again
