Maybe they'll start kissing, but she'll stop him because it doesn't feel right.
They'll start kissing and she'll be happy with her replacement.
They will get naked.
He keeps massaging her and then they have sex.
the robot will hurt her.
I predict that the robot will continue to massage the lady's shoulders while she continues to tell him what she did on that day.
The woman has a switch in her head too.
He will surprise her with a gift.
I think they will definitely have sex now.
I think the new boyfriend will continue to massage her and ask her about herself, which she will certainly like because she was neglected by her last boyfriend.
The woman will continue to tell the boyfriend (new unit) about her day and he will say pretty much the same things as her last boyfriend.
The woman and robotic boyfriend will continue to be happier than she was before.
she will explain her day and he will attempt sex.
the new boyfriend is going to satisfy the womans needs
The female character is shock that she really got herself a really good robot companion so far.
I think they will have sex or lead up to sex.
She's going to hate how forward he is.
The new unit will continue to be attentive and caring while the girlfriend continues to be impressed.
He's going to be too aggressive.
The humanoid and the woman will proceed to engage in romantic activities
They will start to really like each other more and start kissing.
She will continue to get a back rub from her robot husband and tell about her day.
Robot boyfriend massages woman, but she starts feeling uneasy about situation.
she will keep telling him about her day and he'll tell her happy anniversary.
She will be happy with her new robot but maybe feel like she misses the other one a little.
The woman will tell the boyfriend about how her day went and what she did.
The couple will engage in kissing or romantic relations.
I really have no idea. He's going to find her unsatisfactory and boring so he's going to switch her off?
The robot boyfriend will continue to massage the woman and kiss her neck to seduce her.
The massage continues and the woman and the robot take things further as she becomes more turned on.
He will give her a massage and she will be happy that he is different to her old robot.
She will be treated better than how her old boyfriend treated her and she will enjoy it
the male will keep romancing the female and they may both end up in bed
