The new man is delivered and is exactly what the women wanted. He starts by giving her a massage.
The woman will end up keeping her husband.
She's going to love her new robot man at first and be excited about how different he is than the first. But then she'll realize she's disappointed with this one too.
I think she's going to go over and inspect him before turning him on.
She will have sex with the new robot
she will not like the replacement
I think the woman in the video will get to know her new boyfriend once he is unwrapped.
I think she will turn the robot on and have a conversation with him.
the two women bring the new robot inside her home
She will sign for her new model.
They will turn on the new model and she will like him initially.
She might experience regret and realize she had feelings for the original model of robot, and change her mind.
I think she will feel disgusted and want to keep the other man.
I think she will fall in love with this one.
I think she will have a fit and hit the robot.
she will be dissatisfied with her new selection as well.
She will enjoy the newer model robot.
The woman will "turn on" the new package.
She will turn the robot on, and it will satisfy her.
the woman will try to befriend the robot, but something will go wrong as he is new.
I think they will take the previous robot and the woman will turn on her new one to see what it is like.
The woman will continue to unwrap her new robot boyfriend and it turns out he looks exactly like someone from her past
The woman will realize she doesn't really want a robot boyfriend after all.
She turns on the new unit.
The new boyfriend is going to speak and she is immediately going to be smitten with him.
The woman is going to try to kiss the new boyfriend.
She says that she didn't want want with a beard.
She starts to feel bad about picking this robot and wants to know if she can keep both robots.
He becomes self aware
i think she would love thus robot man
shes going to think hes perfect
The lady is happy with her choice
I think she sends him back
