She will hang up and package up the old "unit".
The woman will go back to the dinner table and finish eating.
I think that a new robot will show up.
She finishes her order, hangs up and smiles in anticipation.
She gets a new unit but is not satisfied with that one either.
Woman continues to order a new robot model
A new robot man will be sent.
The woman will continue to describe her preferences for a new boyfriend.
Zooms out to show the robot at the table actually listening to the conversation.
I think that it will show the woman receiving her new robot husband.
I think the woman will start to pack up her old robot husband.
The woman will receive her order and have a good evening.
She will keep talking about ordering a new robot husband.
The next scene will be the delivery of the robot and the set up
THE WOMAN SMILES.
I think she may realize that she will never find what she is looking for.
She will be unsatisfied with the new model.
The movies will end.
The woman will have her new boyfriend and she will still be disappointed.
She continues to make suggestions about her new robot boyfriend model until the scene ends. Then the next scene the robot boyfriend is delivered to her front door.
I feel it may end here where the female is anticipating the new unit. Or robot.
Feel like this is a short video story it feels near the end.
I think the doorbell will ring and the new boyfriend will be standing at the woman's door.
The robot will wake up
The rock climbing masseuse will arribve to her place soon.
It appears the scene is ending. The next one might have her meet this new husband she ordered.
The old model will come back to life without her turning on the switch.
i think the film will end
i think a new unit will arrive at the door
I believe that is the end of the short story and nothing else happens.
She gets the new boyfriend.
The video ends.
The man will wake up and hear the phone call
The man at the table will instantly turn into the new model she has ordered
He will wake up on his own
Hard to say as it seems this scene is really wrapping up. Maybe her new model arrives.
The old model is sent back and the new ones arrives and they get married as he is a lot more adventurous
