It's hard to say. Maybe it'll be a heartbroken girl?
There will be a female berating her boy's bad behavior.
There will be views of social media contact with each other.
The boyfriend shows up for a date.
I think more words will pop up on the screen.
I predict that more words will be shown and then an actual scene.
There will be two characters introduced.
A story will start.
It will show a man on screen and a girl talking to him.
I think a girl will be sitting alone on a couch wishing she had a boyfriend.
Someone's boyfriend will appear in the middle of the screen and be introduced.
There will be a woman with a boyfriend.
a girl will go visit her boyfriend.
The video will start out showing a happy couple
The rest of the title will continue to scroll across the screen
I think there will be girls discussing boys.
There will be a girl complaining about her boyfriend.
I think a young man will be visiting his girlfriend and have a bouquet of flowers in his hand when he rings the doorbell.
It will introduce a female character who is going to be the girlfriend in this story.
There is no real way to tell, but i suppose the following scene will consist of introducing a character known as "the boyfriend"
I believe the movie will actually start after this intro. Probably the boyfriend will be the leading character.
It will be a movie about someone having a boyfriend.
There will be a girl on a screen waiting somewhere for boyfriend to arrive.
the face of a person will appear onscreen
A city landscape will be shown
someone walking on the street will appear.
A scene will come on showing a man and a woman having some sort of social interaction like maybe a restaurant dinner or sitting at a dining table.
A boyfriend will interact with his girlfriend
The boyfriend will return home from work.
There's going to be a woman who's somewhere and her boyfriend arrives.
The short film will start with a girl at school with her boyfriend.
The video will start with a boy who is interested in a girl who has a boyfriend.
Will will see an image of a girl .
The video will start playing and show a couple.
I think this will be a story about a boyfriend.
a female and her boyfriend will be shown
