She'll return her husband and place an order for the new, fun guy she saw online.
He'll wake back up and be mad.
She will buy the upgraded one but change to the sex female android.
She will order a different model robot.
The helper on the other line will indicate the issues with the 100 series and they will offer to replace the model.
The woman will tell the customer service representative that she would like a different model of the robot. The woman will then throw the other robot in the trash.
She trades him in for a newer model.
She will try to trade her husband in for a better model.
I think she will continue talking to the person and order a new boyfriend.
I think she is going to order the bad-boy unit but not like it when it arrives.
The woman will order a new boyfriend and return the one she currently has.
The woman will return her robot boyfriend.
she will upgrade her boyfriend.
the woman is going to order herself a new boyfriend and return her current one
She is about order herself a new robot companion.
I think she will order a robot replacement.
I think she will return the robot.
I think the robot will come back to life, even with the switch off.
She's going to stay on the phone with customer support and finish ordering a new one.
I'm thinking the woman is going to order another unit to replace the one she is not happy with.
He's going to freak out about her trying to replace him.
The woman will perhaps feel regret, and cancel her decision to order a new robot
the woman will order a new robot
The customer service agent well send a technician right away.
She will order a new robot and tell why she isnt satisfied with the one she has
Woman orders a new robot boyfriend from the company.
she will chose a new unit on the web page and tell the one she wants to the customer service rep.
She will order a new robot that may seem good at first, but she will eventually miss her old one.
The woman will send back the boyfriend unit for modifications.
The woman will request a refund for the unit.
The woman will order a new boyfriend unit.
She's going to try and upgrade her boyfriend but he's not going to be covered under the maintenance plan
The girlfriend will try to replace her robot husband but then upon remembering the life they had together she will end the call.
The woman will replace her robot husband with another model of robot and he will come to her door as her new boyfriend.
The woman will order another robot with a different personality inbuilt.
She will order a new robot man over the phone.
She is going to order a new boyfriend online because she does not like hers.
the female will make an order
