He will say "that's just what people say."
She will get angry again
She is happy now and she gives him a kiss.
The man and woman continue their conversation.
I think they hit it off and probably kiss and maybe a little more.
He will passionately kiss her.
She will throw wine at him.
He will smile and continue eating.
they start to hit it off
The boyfriend will continue the sentence "that's just what people say"
The woman will be turned on and try to initiate sex with her new man.
i think both main characters are about to have sex next.
They are going to have an hot blowing sex
In the next 30 seconds I predict the robot will stand up and walk towards the women.
The woman and man-robot start making out.
I think that they will continue to have a similar conversation to what her and her previous robot were having. I think they will use almost the exact same sentences except the new robot will answer slightly differently.
He says that people say that, and she smiles, feeling like this robot is more compatible with her.
I think the robot will end up being more lively than the first one and the woman will be happier
The woman will walk over and sit on his lap and start kissing him.
The woman will be impressed with the new model.
The woman will continue to talk to the new robot, thinking he's a great improvement, but he will disappoint her somehow.
They are going to continue their conversation.
The woman will realize that the new boyfriend is so similar to the previous one and won't like him.
The woman will realize the robot is similar to her and she won't want him any more.
The robot continues to show a personality she's more into and as the conversation continues she becomes more and more happy and excited with her new robot.
The lady will kiss the guy
He's going to say I'm just repeating what I've heard and he's going to grin at her with a sex twinkle in his eyes.
The woman will realize that she made a good decision getting a new boyfriend and she will be happy.
another flash forward to the couple spending time together and being happy
